terde=>perde
varr=>var
yetnmez=>yetmez
vericek=>verecek
birkerede=>bir kerede
dinliyebilirim=>dinleyebilirim
bilesinki=>bilesin ki
vericek=>verecek
naslsa=>nasılsa
biizm=>bizim
diorum=>diyorum
vericek=>verecek
birbirimizee=>birbirimize
giciktin=>geciktin
oke=>okey
biraaz=>biraz
edebilcek=>edebilecek
geliyorki=>geliyor ki
Deymedi=>Değmedi
mesteden=>mest eden
deil=>değil
diyebiliyosun=>diyebiliyorsun
yerimlan=>yerim lan
itibariyla=>itibariyle
bilmemne=>bilmem ne
zirlamaya=>zorlamaya
inkisi=>incisi
dedm=>dedem
istoyoruz=>istiyoruz
geliyosun=>geliyorsun
dealist=>idealist
oluur=>olur
hareketlermden=>hareketlerimden
bukadar=>bu kadar
Egemen'I=>Egemen
tedarigi=>tedariki
soruyosun=>soruyorsun
biryer=>bir yer
duruum=>durum
asprin=>aspirin
kendmize=>kendimize
sewerim=>severim
kolleksiyonuyla=>koleksiyonuyla
TRTye=>TRT'ye
hhaha=>haha
sni=>seni
sndi=>sindi
butuk=>butik
haftasonuna=>hafta sonuna
anlamadm=>anlamadım
bni=>beni
zurnamiyim=>zurna miyim
felan=>falan
haftasonun=>hafta sonun
kalorufere=>kalorifere
dinliyip=>dinleyip
Uyandm=>Uyandım
ayfonumuz=>afyonumuz
heralde=>herhalde
olcak=>olacak
vericek=>verecek
iddalar=>iddialar
nekadara=>ne kadara
nezaman=>ne zaman
heralde=>herhalde
zamsn=>zaman
verebilcek=>verebilecek
Meraba=>Merhaba
bni=>beni
zurnamiyim=>zurna miyim
evdee=>evde
nedn=>neden
kdar=>kadar
Hersabah=>Her Sabah
yapicak=>yapacak
diyoruum=>diyorum
maduruyum=>mağduruyum
ciddiles=>ciddiler
dersaneye=>dershaneye
bna=>bana
gerzkli=>gerekli
dinlemekteyimm=>dinlemekteyim
heryer=>her yer
nedn=>neden
kdar=>kadar
hakediyoruz=>hak ediyoruz
uok=>yok
dilberay=>dilber ay
Erman'i=>Ermeni
deyil=>değil
telofonun=>telefonun
kalksammi=>kalksam mi
yapicak=>yapacak
kalksammi=>kalksam mi
kusfobisi=>kus fobisi
birkerede=>bir kerede
yeteneksizimm=>yeteneksizim
yeteneksizimm=>yeteneksizim
Alalm=>Alalım
MEBb=>MEB
Candar'in=>Candar In
duyururmusunuz=>duyurur musunuz
ahaha=>haha
ahaha=>haha
hersabah=>her sabah
sisiresim=>sisi resim
sabh=>sabah
Alalm=>Alalım
gzel=>güzel
ahaha=>haha
HalilSezai=>Halil Sezai
kareografi=>koreografi
bni=>beni
sni=>seni
anlk=>anlık
deil=>değil
deil=>değil
Altn=>Altın
uyuyormu=>uyuyor mu
uyuyormu=>uyuyor mu
vericek=>verecek
babali=>babıali
yeterr=>yeter
Nerde=>Nerede
tarafi=>taraf
etmessin=>etmezsin
lazm=>lazım
Sabahgelirken=>Sabah Gelirken
Ghafil=>Gafil
Ghafil=>Gafil
Ghafil=>Gafil
bilmemne=>bilmem ne
malesef=>maalesef
eziklerr=>ezikler
andir=>indir
arasnda=>arasında
dinlediktn=>dinledikten
Heryerde=>Her Yerde
ahaha=>haha
ahaha=>haha
somurtani=>somurtan
olHadi=>ol Hadi
seviyolar=>seviyorlar
Ghafil=>Gafil
olcak=>olacak
olcaak=>olacak
sabh=>sabah
seviyosunuzdur=>seviyorsunuzdur
istiyosunuz=>istiyorsunuz
yapicak=>yapacak
daava=>dava
meraba=>merhaba
insanlardanSadece=>insanlardan Sadece
giriyosun=>giriyorsun
yoq=>yok
hpsi=>hepsi
zman=>zaman
biliyodur=>biliyordur
diorum=>diyorum
yoruucu=>yorumcu
konteynir=>konteyner
varki=>var ki
biliyodum=>biliyorum
aarada=>arada
gelicek=>gelecek
isyaan=>isyan
efeniim=>efendim
heralde=>herhalde
anlamadm=>anlamadım
Ghafil=>Gafil
varki=>var ki
nerde=>nerede
nerde=>nerede
jaoon=>japon
dinliyip=>dinleyip
raporunuda=>raporunda
bnde=>bende
bilmemne=>bilmem ne
parfim=>parfüm
almanyada=>almanya'da
sinav'a=>simav'a
acayim=>acayip
seviyorm=>seviyorum
sohretidir=>sohbetidir
gelicek=>gelecek
nmekan=>mekan
antalyada=>antalya'da
dominantsiniz=>dominant siniz
varki=>var ki
bnde=>bende
askolsun=>ask olsun
seviniyodum=>seviniyordum
anlatbilirdin=>anlatabilirdin
anlatbilirdin=>anlatabilirdin
telefonna=>telefona
ediyolar=>ediyorlar
dakkada=>dakikada
nekadar=>ne kadar
ediyolar=>ediyorlar
tawsiye=>tavsiye
emniyt=>emniyet
beklerkn=>beklerken
miyizz=>miyiz
olduwunu=>olduğunu
Guney'in=>Güneyin
edicek=>edecek
yapyorum=>yapıyorum
gderken=>giderken
demektiir=>demektir
bnce=>bence
deil=>değil
giriyoduk=>giriyorduk
gelsiin=>gelsin
afika=>afrika
olcak=>olacak
dinletiyolar=>dinletiyorlar
Saari=>Safari
lubnanda=>lübnan'da
hissediyodum=>hissediyordum
etmeyeliim=>etmeyelim
haftasonuna=>hafta sonuna
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
soraki=>sonraki
Saari=>Safari
uyuyolar=>uyuyorlar
Edalet=>Adalet
Edalet=>Adalet
mavii=>mavi
yoq=>yok
hpsi=>hepsi
SOHBT=>SOHBET
kolleksiyonuyla=>koleksiyonuyla
hersabah=>her sabah
Erman'i=>Ermeni
Saari=>Safari
gidiyosun=>gidiyorsun
Edaletle=>Adaletle
Nerde=>Nerede
olmazssa=>olmazsa
yapicak=>yapacak
Sakaryada=>Sakarya'da
rokok=>rokoko
orlarda=>oralarda
Saari=>Safari
Saari=>Safari
Oturucak=>Oturacak
miym=>miyom
yalnzca=>yalnızca
ulkde=>ukde
koleksyon=>koleksiyon
Ordaki=>Oradaki
varki=>var ki
olabilirki=>olabilir ki
Saari=>Safari
Saari=>Safari
nerde=>nerede
diyolar=>diyorlar
bni=>beni
Sahaici=>Sahici
uyukluyosun=>uyukluyorsun
Taraf'indan=>Tarafından
korkuyorm=>korkuyorum
canyavuz=>can yavuz
uzur=>huzur
deyer=>değer
koregrafi=>koreografi
benm=>benim
diyoo=>diyor
bakicak=>bakacak
olcak=>olacak
olcak=>olacak
Sonbahar'i=>Sonbahar
fliminde=>filminde
fliminde=>filminde
yoq=>yok
hpsi=>hepsi
cinsieytiyle=>cinsiyetiyle
monotob=>monoton
yoruyosun=>yoruyorsun
kolleksiyonuyla=>koleksiyonuyla
uyukluyosun=>uyukluyorsun
yiyolar=>yiyorlar
geliyorusun=>geliyorsun
Gazetecimisiniz=>Gazeteci Misiniz
heralde=>herhalde
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
olmz=>olmaz
diolar=>dolar
olcak=>olacak
yarrasa=>yarasa
aydedeye=>ay dedeye
teyzisi=>teyzesi
deliririken=>delirirken
bozulmasn=>bozulmasın
malesef=>maalesef
pebe=>pepe
demekki=>demek ki
yetior=>yetiyor
bukadar=>bu kadar
hayatmda=>hayatımda
hergece=>her gece
doslar=>dostlar
diyorumki=>diyorum ki
sebebsin=>sebepsin
hallolucak=>hallolacak
numaradn=>numaradan
arayp=>arap
duruyolr=>duruyor
neblm=>nebim
telefnda=>telefonda
avantajmi=>avantaj mi
askm=>askım
gidiorum=>gidiyorum
profl=>profil
yasamin=>yasemin
Nerde=>Nerede
espiri=>espri
inliyodu=>inliyordu
malesef=>maalesef
korkuorum=>korkuyorum
gelsiin=>gelsin
otururm=>oturum
itibariyla=>itibariyle
uyuyuun=>uyuyun
taddir=>takdir
acaip=>acayip
diyorumki=>diyorum ki
Biktirdiniz=>Bitirdiniz
idda=>iddia
bahsediyorsunz=>bahsediyorsunuz
inkinden=>linkinden
yapalm=>yapalım
yicaz=>hicaz
amerikada=>amerika'da
anlaamam=>anlatamam
nerde=>nerede
yawrum=>yavrum
benm=>benim
olrsa=>olursa
heralde=>herhalde
ediyim=>edeyim
polomiklere=>polemiklere
Amerikada=>Amerika'da
anlatyor=>anlatıyor
semeyenlere=>sevmeyenlere
solbek=>sol bek
pekii=>pekiyi
dereindesin=>derindesin
istiyorz=>istiyoruz
fiziktedavi=>fizik tedavi
deildi=>değildi
kalkp=>kalp
gitmk=>gitmek
Buarada=>Burada
oparalar=>operalar
oparalar=>operalar
benm=>benim
okutmansin=>okutman sin
ilgli=>ilgili
kruma=>koruma
yoktr=>yoktur
mutlj=>mutlu
koul=>okul
malael=>mala el
Pilis=>Polis
Yehi=>Yeni
salllarken=>sallarken
olcak=>olacak
olcaak=>olacak
koraan=>koran
vericek=>verecek
idda=>iddia
idda=>iddia
olabilirmi=>olabilir mi
haketmedik=>hak etmedik
heryerim=>her yerim
ekipine=>ekibine
Uyksuz=>Uykusuz
istersemm=>istersem
birtanesin=>bir tanesin
iyiyidi=>iyiydi
dilerimki=>dilerim ki
herdaim=>her daim
mutlugu=>mutlulu
biliyosun=>biliyorsun
eminimki=>eminim ki
geldiki=>geldi ki
FUNFA=>FUNDA
felan=>falan
konusurda=>konusunda
binlira=>bin lira
malesef=>maalesef
sorcak=>soracak
mrkezinde=>merkezinde
merdiwenleri=>merdivenleri
diyosun=>diyorsun
konusuoz=>konusuz
hergece=>her gece
kantnde=>kantinde
kalsik=>klasik
Unutttun=>Unuttun
satte=>saatte
Espiri=>Espri
taraaf=>taraf
karasi=>karesi
varki=>var ki
benm=>benim
heran=>her an
karasi=>karesi
karasi=>karesi
hocaa=>hocan
Dierleri=>Diğerleri
azndan=>azından
Trabzonda=>Trabzon'da
seviyoruzz=>seviyoruz
zaafmis=>zaaf mis
gelmk=>gelmek
yapcak=>yapacak
cisimi=>cismi
olmuyormu=>olmuyor mu
kabimi=>kalbimi
heralde=>herhalde
karasi=>karesi
fikir'in=>fikir in
olmassa=>olmazsa
hepmi=>hep mi
giyinmisin=>giyinmişsin
HOLLANDADA=>HOLLANDA'DA
alllah=>allah
fikir'in=>fikir in
heralde=>herhalde
sohpet=>sohbet
herzaman=>her zaman
baslaycak=>baslayacak
katarat=>katarakt
diyosun=>diyorsun
butarafa=>bu tarafa
heralde=>herhalde
malesef=>maalesef
Italyada=>İtalya'da
kokoin=>kokain
Bizdn=>Bizden
nasl=>nasıl
diyosun=>diyorsun
filazof=>filozof
syleyecek=>söyleyecek
dalgami=>dalga mi
bilesinki=>bilesin ki
telapati=>telepati
nerde=>nerede
istiyoruum=>istiyorum
Nerde=>Nerede
diyolar=>diyorlar
avrupada=>avrupa'da
telfonuna=>telefonuna
zavk=>zevk
ayraktar=>bayraktar
zman=>zaman
maarifet=>marifet
sistm=>sistem
sercis=>servis
antremanda=>antrenmanda
adamdanBahsedilerek=>adamdan Bahsedilerek
snra=>sonra
tavsoye=>tavsiye
konyroller=>kontroller
yerdeyok=>yerde yok
istiyosa=>istiyorsa
geldiki=>geldi ki
iddaaname=>iddianame
heralde=>herhalde
canm=>canım
okutmansin=>okutman sin
deil=>değil
uyudkk=>uyuduk
ayraktar=>bayraktar
zman=>zaman
menzunu=>mezunu
varki=>var ki
varolan=>var olan
heralde=>herhalde
yaaz=>yaz
gelsiin=>gelsin
muhaliflrin=>muhaliflerin
kolaay=>kolay
ahaha=>haha
gelmeyelm=>gelmeyelim
denemz=>deneme
Sson=>Son
kelimelert=>kelimeler
kalkamadm=>kalkamadım
gidemedm=>gidemedim
benzetemesim=>benzetemedim
koyy=>koy
yapicak=>yapacak
katilsam=>katil sam
bekliyoruuz=>bekliyoruz
sadce=>sadece
mooda=>moda
koyy=>koy
gidemessin=>gidemezsin
eziyetin'denir=>eziyetin denir
ottuz=>otuz
bekliyorz=>bekliyoruz
ferudun=>feridun
AvAbdullah=>Av Abdullah
digil=>dingil
biliyosa=>biliyorsa
meselerini=>memelerini
herzaman=>her zaman
deilde=>değilde
iddalara=>iddialara
olcak=>olacak
Saath=>Saat
abartmayalm=>abartmayalım
dinledm=>dinledim
edeblse=>edebilse
zamaan=>zaman
maango=>mango
bhar=>bahar
dersaneye=>dershaneye
marmaraya=>marmara'ya
rahatsz=>rahatsız
olamadk=>olamadık
maango=>mango
Birligi'ndeyiz=>Birliğindeyiz
dipkuyudan=>dip kuyudan
malesef=>maalesef
affetirebilirsin=>affettirebilirsin
veriyolar=>veriyorlar
derlerya=>derler ya
nerde=>nerede
mazoistiz=>mazoşistiz
mazoist=>mazoşist
mazoist=>mazoşist
mazoistiz=>mazoşistiz
mazoist=>mazoşist
mazoist=>mazoşist
yemessem=>yemezsem
zamn=>zaman
zamn=>zaman
ortadn=>ortadan
ordakiler=>oradakiler
Trabzonda=>Trabzon'da
ahaha=>haha
deil=>değil
martda=>mart da
programlada=>programlama
izleenir=>izlenir
caniisiniz=>canimsiniz
okuyorm=>okuyorum
kdar=>kadar
olamz=>olamaz
aldatmm=>aldatma
diyn=>din
derlerya=>derler ya
zeynepp=>zeynep
nasl=>nasıl
bilmemne=>bilmem ne
heralde=>herhalde
kibirlimisiniz=>kibirli misiniz
SiyahBeyaz=>Siyah Beyaz
capon=>japon
nerdeyse=>neredeyse
olcak=>olacak
hayasizim=>hayalsizim
omaz=>olmaz
oluorum=>oluyorum
antropozlu=>andropozlu
ahaha=>haha
gizel=>güzel
Malesef=>Maalesef
fafulye=>fasulye
LigTV=>Lig TV
yapiabiliyor=>yapabiliyor
capon=>japon
ziraa=>ziraat
hissetmelr=>hissetmeler
zaiyat=>zayiat
gtmek=>gitmek
geliyosunuz=>geliyorsunuz
heralde=>herhalde
herkezi=>herkesi
biyana=>viyana
nerde=>nerede
zaiyat=>zayiat
kapatmakmis=>kapatmak mis
yanyana=>yan yana
istiyorm=>istiyorum
istiyosun=>istiyorsun
bilmemne=>bilmem ne
romatik=>romantik
oluyosun=>oluyorsun
hissetirip=>hissettirip
zaiyat=>zayiat
vericek=>verecek
deil=>değil
dierlerinin=>diğerlerinin
capon=>japon
demikrat=>demokrat
edeceksn=>edeceksin
ezab=>ezan
nerdeyse=>neredeyse
banain=>bana in
Askolsun=>Ask Olsun
bilmemne=>bilmem ne
halsizlikk=>halsizlik
kurtaricak=>kurtaracak
alicak=>alacak
safmisiniz=>saf misiniz
nerdeyse=>neredeyse
bilmemne=>bilmem ne
wekilim=>vekilim
SK=>SSK
Anlatabiliyormuyum=>Anlatabiliyor Muyum
ahaha=>haha
demekki=>demek ki
ahaha=>haha
yedimmi=>yedim mi
mtluyum=>mutluyum
ettinki=>ettin ki
ewet=>evet
sorucak=>soracak
ediorum=>ediyorum
bnden=>benden
iddaaname=>iddianame
nerde=>nerede
demekki=>demek ki
yapoyorsun=>yapıyorsun
icindi=>ikindi
zman=>zaman
sebebsiz=>sebepsiz
dirdiriniz=>dindiriniz
istiyosa=>istiyorsa
sakn=>sakin
Hediyyeli=>Hediyeli
geleck=>gelecek
tafsiye=>tavsiye
nekadar=>ne kadar
sandalyelr=>sandalyeler
biliyordm=>biliyordum
sandalyesz=>sandalyesiz
gidiorum=>gidiyorum
tayfurun=>tayfur'un
heralde=>herhalde
yormunuz=>yorumunuz
ltfen=>lütfen
Trnsfer=>Transfer
Bikro=>Mikro
bebeem=>bebem
Hamam'i=>Hamam
bilmemne=>bilmem ne
bsyler=>beyler
yazsn=>yazsın
Trnsfer=>Transfer
Herzaman=>Her Zaman
kehta=>kahta
derrslerini=>derslerini
gidermisiniz=>gider misiniz
evlenebilicek=>evlenebilecek
vericeksin=>vereceksin
ezgleri=>ezgileri
demekki=>demek ki
caniim=>canim
ilgli=>ilgili
malesef=>maalesef
derecee=>derece
olcak=>olacak
snra=>sonra
kmseyi=>kimseyi
dicaz=>hicaz
varr=>var
heralde=>herhalde
marsmi=>mars mi
biopsi=>biyopsi
sahibiim=>sahibim
unutucak=>unutacak
durtsun=>dursun
optuk=>optik
gidiyoruuz=>gidiyoruz
felan=>falan
sebepsiiz=>sebepsiz
batip=>batik
sebeblerini=>sebeplerini
geceeer=>geceler
istiyosan=>istiyorsan
seviorum=>seviyorum
mutluyuzki=>mutluyuz ki
olablir=>olabilir
SK=>SSK
arasnda=>arasında
Trabzonu=>Trabzon'u
alperr=>alper
hepberaber=>hep beraber
diyince=>deyince
insanlarn=>insanların
yukarda=>yukarıda
mutluyuzki=>mutluyuz ki
ewleniyorum=>evleniyorum
sinirliyimki=>sinirliyim ki
kitapp=>kitap
deil=>değil
diyince=>deyince
diyince=>deyince
diyince=>deyince
salakl=>salak
kotuniyetle=>kotu niyetle
durtsun=>dursun
bakdak=>bardak
enerjikim=>enerjiğim
dyunca=>oyunca
heralde=>herhalde
ahaha=>haha
gelcek=>gelecek
galibeyete=>galibiyete
tapemiz=>tepemiz
heryerde=>her yerde
bilmemne=>bilmem ne
izliyorm=>izliyorum
yenideen=>yeniden
kalp'de=>kalp de
silinicek=>silinecek
tker=>teker
sklr=>skor
seert=>sert
garani=>garanti
kotuniyetle=>kotu niyetle
gecikiorsun=>gecikiyorsun
diyicek=>diyecek
oterler=>oteller
elimzde=>elimizde
sevigili=>sevgili
yerdemi=>yerde mi
heralde=>herhalde
Hayatlarnda=>Hayatlarında
insanlarn=>insanların
hapise=>hapse
Radtgele=>Rastgele
dokesim=>do kesim
Adelete=>Adalete
tvyi=>tv'yi
diolar=>dolar
heralde=>herhalde
odulum=>ordulum
oterler=>oteller
gayriresmi=>gayri resmi
delilvar=>delil var
bekliorum=>bekliyorum
vaar=>var
yoruyoo=>yoruyor
delilvar=>delil var
heralde=>herhalde
Enbuyuk=>En Buyuk
nezaman=>ne zaman
bhar=>bahar
bni=>beni
Tabiyat=>Tabiat
Fransaya=>Fransa'ya
dilinu=>dilini
olurr=>olur
bilenedin=>bilemedin
azrayil=>azrail
varki=>var ki
vrdi=>verdi
ahaha=>haha
diyolar=>diyorlar
taniyon=>tansiyon
silmk=>silmek
Trabzonun=>Trabzon'un
yapicak=>yapacak
sasar=>sansar
biizim=>bizim
yordgm=>yordam
bseyi=>beyi
bulunuyosun=>bulunuyorsun
edermi=>eder mi
sewerim=>severim
seviyosunuz=>seviyorsunuz
seramonisine=>seremonisine
iddaanamenin=>iddianamenin
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
diorum=>diyorum
yencek=>yenecek
Dersanedeki=>Dershanedeki
yokmu=>yok mu
pesde=>pes de
gidiyosun=>gidiyorsun
bzim=>bizim
Bilsemki=>Bilsem Ki
ediyosan=>ediyorsan
nerde=>nerede
sewgilim=>sevgilim
koyduum=>koydum
memlunum=>memnunum
demekki=>demek ki
nezaman=>ne zaman
geliriim=>gelirim
bolbol=>bol bol
varki=>var ki
galatasary=>galatasaray
herzaman=>her zaman
nezaman=>ne zaman
Nerde=>Nerede
trabzonun=>trabzon'un
vercek=>verecek
vercek=>verecek
heryer=>her yer
trebzon=>trabzon
espiri=>espri
ortaalanda=>orta alanda
geliyorr=>geliyor
trabzonu=>trabzon'u
girir=>girit
okuyorumki=>okuyorum ki
smdi=>simdi
ekvatord=>ekvator
Evede=>Evde
varki=>var ki
korkuyormm=>korkuyorum
ikitane=>iki tane
derhaneye=>dershaneye
alicaklar=>alacaklar
hollandaya=>hollanda'ya
evleniyoruzz=>evleniyoruz
varr=>var
derimont=>deri mont
Nerde=>Nerede
haftasonun=>hafta sonun
diorum=>diyorum
heycan=>heyecan
dioruz=>diyoruz
Birbirmize=>Birbirimize
ekvatord=>ekvator
Nerdee=>Nerede
birtek=>bir tek
ediyolar=>ediyorlar
gidiyolar=>gidiyorlar
istiyosunuz=>istiyorsunuz
tarafi=>taraf
trabzonu=>trabzon'u
sovmeseler=>sevmeseler
Birbirimze=>Birbirimize
ahaha=>haha
varki=>var ki
deil=>değil
ahaha=>haha
dakkada=>dakikada
ahaha=>haha
karekterimle=>karakterimle
ediyoruzz=>ediyoruz
annim=>annem
bildiin=>bildiğin
bugn=>bugün
olcak=>olacak
wampir=>vampir
ssevenlerse=>sevenlerse
sonsuzadek=>sonsuza dek
hiyaben=>hitaben
dersanedeki=>dershanedeki
LigTV'de=>Lig TV'de
ahaha=>haha
istiyorm=>istiyorum
ahaha=>haha
oyalasn=>oyalan
malesef=>maalesef
Trabzonun=>Trabzon'un
ediceksin=>edeceksin
snradan=>sonradan
olcak=>olacak
dizilerirn=>dizilerin
yazdm=>yazdım
trabzonun=>trabzon'un
yiyebilirimm=>yiyebilirim
dialoglar=>diyaloglar
vaar=>var
haftasonuna=>hafta sonuna
yapicak=>yapacak
kymetini=>kıymetini
Hayaat=>Hayat
yoruyosun=>yoruyorsun
Koydukmu=>Koyduk Mu
diyolar=>diyorlar
bukadar=>bu kadar
olamazki=>olamaz ki
espirili=>esprili
tarafi=>taraf
geliin=>gelin
arkalarnda=>arkalarında
seyle=>söyle
diyosun=>diyorsun
dersaneye=>dershaneye
farketmeyen=>fark etmeyen
gelmesineneden=>gelmesine neden
deil=>değil
deil=>değil
olark=>olarak
oynuyosunuz=>oynuyorsunuz
netceye=>neticeye
lazm=>lazım
yendkk=>yendik
heralde=>herhalde
elenicek=>elenecek
izele=>izle
goydun=>koydun
yapicak=>yapacak
tarafi=>taraf
hepinizz=>hepiniz
telkinmi=>telkin mi
acaip=>acayip
heryerde=>her yerde
gecelr=>geceler
bugece=>bu gece
uyumaak=>uyumak
Bukadar=>Bu Kadar
birazdaha=>biraz daha
ypma=>yapma
seviyosun=>seviyorsun
golude=>golde
yapcak=>yapacak
heralde=>herhalde
bokulu=>boklu
yenilicek=>yenilecek
dikkt=>dikkat
verebiiirdim=>verebilirdim
birtek=>bir tek
espiri=>espri
ahaha=>haha
nezaman=>ne zaman
Onur_bu=>Onur Bu
kelebeklerr=>kelebekler
deil=>değil
olcak=>olacak
Kocaman'i=>Kocaman
bekledm=>bekledim
deyerdi=>değerdi
Diyip=>Deyip
anlamadm=>anlamadım
konucak=>konacak
yutturucak=>yutturacak
nezaman=>ne zaman
diyolar=>diyorlar
nerde=>nerede
dioorum=>diyorum
haftadr=>haftadır
yeterincw=>yeterince
trabzonun=>trabzon'un
snra=>sonra
kaldm=>kaldım
tarafi=>taraf
pozisyn=>pozisyon
artk=>artık
diyosun=>diyorsun
sansiz=>sensiz
olabilrim=>olabilirim
dinleyesm=>dinleyesim
Yegen'im=>Yeğenim
dinleyesm=>dinleyesim
bnde=>bende
deniyerek=>deneyerek
bnde=>bende
edicek=>edecek
dayancak=>dayanacak
Dediyin=>Dediğin
Dediyin=>Dediğin
teselileri=>tesellileri
veriyolar=>veriyorlar
uyiyim=>iyiyim
varki=>var ki
ettn=>ettin
oynmuyor=>oynuyor
rrezil=>rezil
Benki=>Ben Ki
positif=>pozitif
kartallaar=>kartallar
enterasan=>enteresan
bnzetme=>benzetme
kilan=>klan
cemmat=>cemaat
haroka=>harika
gidicek=>gidecek
heralde=>herhalde
dakikalra=>dakikalar
ediyosun=>ediyorsun
herbirini=>her birini
olunmazki=>olunmaz ki
yazmisiniz=>yaz misiniz
diyormuyum=>diyor muyum
rastlamadm=>rastlamadım
defas=>defans
saatden=>saatten
felan=>falan
seviyosun=>seviyorsun
saana=>sana
gice=>gece
olcak=>olacak
nerde=>nerede
eyvvah=>eyvah
tebrkler=>tebrikler
Kuran'i=>Kuran I
zamanlwr=>zamanlar
malesef=>maalesef
neyapmaya=>ne yapmaya
nerde=>nerede
yapmaktn=>yapmaktan
tutucak=>tutacak
Osmanli'yi=>Osmanlıyı
olcak=>olacak
beklemekteyimm=>beklemekteyim
fotoraf=>fotoğraf
heryerden=>her yerden
diyorm=>diyorum
sk=>ssk
gidilicekse=>gidilecekse
tarafi=>taraf
beklemk=>beklemek
Eglenesim=>Eylenesim
oyundamiydi=>oyunda miydi
tapenin=>tepenin
cevp=>cevap
nediim=>nedim
yattm=>yattım
espiri=>espri
birzamanlar=>bir zamanlar
ortasaha=>orta saha
cinsellilten=>cinsellikten
heralde=>herhalde
hazr=>hazar
vaar=>var
affedicek=>affedecek
insansn=>insansın
Allahtan=>Allah'tan
yuvamz=>yuvamız
evimz=>evimiz
evimz=>evimiz
demekki=>demek ki
havami=>hava mi
memnunki=>memnun ki
bnden=>benden
yetmezmi=>yetmez mi
dakkaya=>dakikaya
herzaman=>her zaman
heryerde=>her yerde
ediceksin=>edeceksin
seviniyodum=>seviniyordum
yapicak=>yapacak
herzaman=>her zaman
heryerde=>her yerde
bekliorum=>bekliyorum
durumdaym=>durumdayım
vericek=>verecek
Yokki=>Yok Ki
herzaman=>her zaman
nekadar=>ne kadar
nerdeyse=>neredeyse
herzaman=>her zaman
heryerde=>her yerde
koreye=>kore'ye
gidiyodum=>gidiyorum
heralde=>herhalde
olabiliyosunuz=>olabiliyorsunuz
herzaman=>her zaman
oytuna=>oyuna
havayi=>havai
bakmiyanlar=>bakmayanlar
liydim=>leydim
iylik=>iyilik
versyonu=>versiyonu
versyonu=>versiyonu
sonsuzadek=>sonsuza dek
Haftasonuna=>Hafta Sonuna
gelicek=>gelecek
yokki=>yok ki
geliceksiniz=>geleceksiniz
istedm=>istedim
diyodur=>diyordur
heralde=>herhalde
heralde=>herhalde
smdi=>simdi
yeine=>yerine
Kocaman'i=>Kocaman
seyrettinmi=>seyrettin mi
Nerde=>Nerede
bakym=>bakim
finlandiyaya=>finlandiya'ya
acaip=>acayip
benmiyim=>ben miyim
getirdiklrimi=>getirdiklerimi
gelicek=>gelecek
oynayabilirdii=>oynayabilirdi
dakikalarr=>dakikalar
felan=>falan
psijik=>psişik
nekadar=>ne kadar
gelcek=>gelecek
uzatmya=>uzatma
andir=>indir
artk=>artık
takimmiydi=>takim miydi
sporr=>spor
durduu=>durdulu
geliyosunuz=>geliyorsunuz
Gidicek=>Gidecek
dinliyen=>dinleyen
havayi=>havai
bzi=>biz
atmir=>tamir
Tevrikler=>Tebrikler
diyoruum=>diyorum
forvt=>forvet
oldug=>oldu
Yukarda=>Yukarıda
sizlk=>silk
geliceksiniz=>geleceksiniz
sewindirici=>sevindirici
nerde=>nerede
Tavuk'musunuz=>Tavuk Musunuz
heralde=>herhalde
uefaya=>uefa'ya
baktm=>baktım
eskidimmi=>eskidim mi
olcak=>olacak
Stressli=>Stresli
alicak=>alacak
bahsediyolar=>bahsediyorlar
UMTSUZ=>UMUTSUZ
seviniyolar=>seviniyorlar
inebilirmiyim=>inebilir miyim
iiydi=>iyiydi
deildi=>değildi
kirizi=>krizi
teksey=>teksen
teksey=>teksen
sezonuu=>sezonun
heryere=>her yere
tebrkler=>tebrikler
veriyorm=>veriyorum
yapicak=>yapacak
korkuyoruum=>korkuyorum
sni=>seni
morel=>moral
atlatik=>atletik
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
alicak=>alacak
gelp=>gelip
Haftasonu=>Hafta Sonu
bnce=>bence
gelcek=>gelecek
olcak=>olacak
olabilirki=>olabilir ki
alicak=>alacak
karslik=>karstik
olark=>olarak
tarafi=>taraf
Ewet=>Evet
meveler=>meyveler
sevemessin=>sevemezsin
gulunuyor=>bulunuyor
duyuyormusun=>duyuyor musun
yokolma=>yok olma
havami=>hava mi
ahaha=>haha
iyidi=>iyiydi
olamk=>olmak
mahkemesne=>mahkemesine
olbilir=>olabilir
birkez=>bir kez
yokmu=>yok mu
gallbiyeti=>galibiyeti
yapabilirmi=>yapabilir mi
biliyodum=>biliyorum
acayim=>acayip
varki=>var ki
tarafi=>taraf
duyuyormusun=>duyuyor musun
snra=>sonra
sansizlik=>sensizlik
sansizlik=>sensizlik
mutluyuum=>mutluyum
diyosun=>diyorsun
beyfendi=>beyefendi
benziyen=>benzeyen
oluyr=>olur
gder=>gider
brnim=>benim
varki=>var ki
olcak=>olacak
bagyanla=>bayanla
vaybe=>vay be
memmunum=>memnunum
iiydi=>iyiydi
yiyosun=>yiyorsun
gidiyosunuz=>gidiyorsunuz
sadce=>sadece
grurdur=>gururdur
bukadar=>bu kadar
AkPartiye=>Ak Partiye
martda=>mart da
bulabilirmiyim=>bulabilir miyim
ordaki=>oradaki
LAYLALAYLA=>LAYLA LAYLA
uUnca=>hUnca
selilozik=>selülozik
ekliyosunuz=>ekliyorsunuz
anliyabiliyorum=>anlayabiliyorum
alimefendi=>alim efendi
saatlk=>saatlik
durdm=>durdum
izlemedm=>izlemedim
kadaar=>kadar
bnde=>bende
kalbmi=>kalbimi
kirdinki=>kirdin ki
kalbmi=>kalbimi
kirdinki=>kirdin ki
efendiim=>efendim
havalrda=>havalarda
beklniyor=>bekleniyor
nerde=>nerede
yokmu=>yok mu
benm=>benim
sezainin=>sezai'nin
nekadar=>ne kadar
bahsedebilr=>bahsedebilir
geliyosun=>geliyorsun
anlatabildimmi=>anlatabildim mi
ikgisi=>ilgisi
verirligi=>verir ligi
heycan=>heyecan
donuorum=>donuyorum
gelecekmi=>gelecek mi
basketblcu=>basketbolcu
olcak=>olacak
dewam=>devam
diyroum=>diyorum
diyroum=>diyorum
felan=>falan
kazanmisin=>kazan misin
yanyana=>yan yana
ahaha=>haha
nerdeydi=>neredeydi
AkPartiye=>Ak Partiye
oke=>okey
gidioruz=>gidiyoruz
kazanmisin=>kazan misin
kndi=>kendi
Durdurak=>Dur Durak
iclerimiz=>illerimiz
malesef=>maalesef
denicek=>denecek
uyky=>uyku
buarada=>burada
neyaparsan=>ne yaparsan
tarafi=>taraf
tarafi=>taraf
bizmi=>biz mi
hayatmi=>hayat mi
gidicek=>gidecek
fetihi=>fethi
aldm=>aldım
gidermisin=>gider misin
soguyorsunuz=>sokuyorsunuz
saatmi=>saat mi
tranzon=>trabzon
Bugn=>Bugün
azizsporcu=>aziz sporcu
koltuha=>koltuğa
heralde=>herhalde
bunlrla=>bunlarla
rusyada=>rusya'da
Allh=>Allah
sinoo=>sinop
sahibimm=>sahibim
gderim=>giderim
artk=>artık
deil=>değil
bebeem=>bebem
kazanmisin=>kazan misin
trabzonun=>trabzon'un
tekkifimiz=>teklifimiz
anladm=>anladım
edermi=>eder mi
ftbol=>futbol
malubiyet=>mağlubiyet
giniyorum=>gidiyorum
bitireblmektedir=>bitirebilmektedir
oldm=>oldum
sayip=>sahip
bekleriim=>beklerim
benmiyim=>ben miyim
yiyicek=>yiyecek
ekseyecek=>ekleyecek
bitireblmektedir=>bitirebilmektedir
oluyosunuz=>oluyorsunuz
samimiyetsz=>samimiyetsiz
Uykuu=>Uyku
Allah'im=>Allahım
ekskti=>eksikti
olcak=>olacak
olcak=>olacak
malesef=>maalesef
Iremle=>Remle
yoq=>yok
makarnasever=>makarna sever
bilemedikki=>bilemedik ki
NefretimsinGalatasaray=>Nefretimsin Galatasaray
kendimemi=>kendime mi
Kocaman'i=>Kocaman
mahliklar=>mahluklar
nerde=>nerede
diyosun=>diyorsun
hakedeni=>hak edeni
ahaha=>haha
YOKMU=>YOK MU
drsem=>dersem
iddanamede=>iddianamede
Bnce=>Bence
diyorsuun=>diyorsun
annam=>annem
trabzonda=>trabzon'da
fetih'I=>fetih
diyosunuz=>diyorsunuz
hanki=>hangi
evleniyodu=>evleniyordu
varki=>var ki
atanmisin=>atan misin
olunucak=>olunacak
nerdee=>nerede
ablacm=>ablam
cevp=>cevap
giremeynler=>giremeyenler
nezaman=>ne zaman
bekliyorz=>bekliyoruz
hallediyim=>halledeyim
ayneen=>aynen
acamadan=>camadan
versinli=>mersinli
fikirlli=>fikirli
allahtan=>allah'tan
vaar=>var
Ulkerden=>Ülker'den
olabilir'e=>olabilir
Galatasaray'imizin=>Galatasarayımızın
canm=>canım
yihit=>yiğit
yokmu=>yok mu
zamn=>zaman
diyorumki=>diyorum ki
heralde=>herhalde
benm=>benim
olrsa=>olursa
aay=>ay
nerdeydi=>neredeydi
uyuyamadm=>uyuyamadım
deil=>değil
sni=>seni
sevioruz=>seviyoruz
allahtan=>allah'tan
AKPye=>AKP ye
heralde=>herhalde
bekletiyolar=>bekletiyorlar
olsn=>olsun
oturalm=>oturalım
oldulan=>oldu lan
sewgilimin=>sevgilimin
kapmisiniz=>kap misiniz
istiyosun=>istiyorsun
Resadiye'li=>Reşadiyeli
senigidi=>seni gidi
seyle=>söyle
okuyosun=>okuyorsun
biliyormu=>biliyor mu
bnce=>bence
allaha=>allah'a
nerde=>nerede
korkarr=>korkar
bni=>beni
artk=>artık
derslerm=>derslerim
sennle=>seninle
kowboy=>kovboy
wuran=>vuran
edepliydide=>edepliydi de
birkez=>bir kez
olacaak=>olacak
yokmu=>yok mu
Duydumki=>Duydum Ki
edebilirmi=>edebilir mi
Bozarmi=>Bozar Mi
bitdim=>bittim
deilde=>değilde
eyni=>yeni
yoq=>yok
hpsi=>hepsi
pskolojideyim=>psikolojideyim
olmasn=>olmasın
edemessin=>edemezsin
bnce=>bence
basitmiydi=>basit miydi
anamuhalefet=>ana muhalefet
olsn=>olsun
icindi=>ikindi
nerde=>nerede
nerde=>nerede
heralde=>herhalde
birdaha=>bir daha
nerde=>nerede
vaar=>var
oluyosun=>oluyorsun
olmazki=>olmaz ki
varr=>var
hadsizlikmis=>hadsizlik mis
kandir=>kandil
telefnumun=>telefonumun
varolmayan=>var olmayan
okuyosunuz=>okuyorsunuz
kandir=>kandil
gelcek=>gelecek
Amerikada=>Amerika'da
uyuyosundur=>uyuyorsundur
demekki=>demek ki
pskolojik=>psikolojik
olabilirz=>olabilir
uefada=>uefa'da
nrden=>neden
snra=>sonra
ediorum=>ediyorum
yapabiliyormusun=>yapabiliyor musun
nerde=>nerede
yapicak=>yapacak
bildiirinceye=>bildirinceye
piskolojik=>psikolojik
Kendikendine=>Kendi Kendine
heralde=>herhalde
biliyormu=>biliyor mu
bildiirinceye=>bildirinceye
veriyolar=>veriyorlar
AkPartiye=>Ak Partiye
sevdm=>sevdim
asilan=>aslan
sevdm=>sevdim
kalbli=>kalpli
ediyim=>edeyim
sevdm=>sevdim
iyydi=>iyiydi
sdece=>sadece
sinirlenmee=>sinirlenmek
diemem=>diyemem
soverek=>siverek
bilirmi=>bilir mi
demektirki=>demektir ki
gecelk=>gecelik
sohrettir=>sohbettir
yokmu=>yok mu
etmye=>etmeye
asilan=>aslan
deil=>değil
smdi=>simdi
balturp=>bal turp
uyuyorm=>uyuyorum
artk=>artık
neyei=>neyi
vahiymi=>vahiy mi
sevdm=>sevdim
iice=>iyice
diyorm=>diyorum
yaptm=>yaptım
smdi=>simdi
piskolojileri=>psikolojileri
eksk=>eksik
olablirim=>olabilirim
olsuun=>olsun
kurtalar=>kurtlar
ahaha=>haha
herkezi=>herkesi
gulunuyor=>bulunuyor
uyuruzz=>uyuruz
stadta=>statta
malesef=>maalesef
heey=>hey
olsn=>olsun
sinrlendiren=>sinirlendiren
herzaman=>her zaman
sewerdim=>severdim
varki=>var ki
aksoyun=>aksoy'un
olmiyacak=>olmayacak
stadta=>statta
istrsen=>istersen
bnde=>bende
okulada=>okulda
dedig=>dedi
biriktrip=>biriktirip
hepberaber=>hep beraber
yiyosunuz=>yiyorsunuz
stadta=>statta
beyaa=>beyaz
heralde=>herhalde
GDragon=>G Dragon
bekleytik=>beklettik
olabilirki=>olabilir ki
Susuyosa=>Susuyorsa
neresnden=>neresinden
deyil=>değil
deyil=>değil
diyeri=>diğeri
stadta=>statta
Anaam=>Anam
ulastik=>lastik
uefadan=>uefa'dan
ediyorm=>ediyorum
nedenlerdn=>nedenlerden
ediyolar=>ediyorlar
oluyosun=>oluyorsun
basketbl=>basketbol
nedenlerdn=>nedenlerden
askolsun=>ask olsun
izlioruz=>izliyoruz
oluyosa=>oluyorsa
nedenlerdn=>nedenlerden
stadta=>statta
deysin=>değsin
Deymesin=>Değmesin
ahaha=>haha
ediyorm=>ediyorum
yolluyorrum=>yolluyorum
tatillerr=>tatiller
edilebilrdi=>edilebilirdi
hakettiklerim=>hak ettiklerim
disim=>dizim
nedenlerdn=>nedenlerden
hepbirlikte=>hep birlikte
olcak=>olacak
stadta=>statta
katledilebilirmis=>katledilebilir mis
piskopat=>psikopat
kadermiz=>kaderimiz
basdan=>bastan
uefaya=>uefa'ya
trabzonda=>trabzon'da
acayim=>acayip
acayim=>acayip
gelicek=>gelecek
gomsulara=>komsulara
ancakk=>ancak
belrten=>belirten
Herkeze=>Herkese
Fimini=>Filmini
allahtan=>allah'tan
Tammama=>Tamama
artislik=>artistik
nedenlerdn=>nedenlerden
biyana=>viyana
varki=>var ki
parkedecek=>park edecek
Allah'im=>Allahım
kandir=>kandil
heralde=>herhalde
zirlamalar=>zorlamalar
gidicek=>gidecek
gikmekte=>gitmekte
allahtan=>allah'tan
gidicek=>gidecek
erkn=>erkan
uyanrsam=>uyanırsam
gelebiliir=>gelebilir
nedenlerdn=>nedenlerden
ediyorm=>ediyorum
heycan=>heyecan
geceer=>geceler
stadta=>statta
KanalD=>Kanal D
getiediklerinden=>getirdiklerinden
bilyior=>biliyor
yerindemi=>yerinde mi
heralde=>herhalde
nedenlerdn=>nedenlerden
Kocaman'i=>Kocaman
izleseydm=>izleseydim
olurdm=>olurdum
nedenlerdn=>nedenlerden
varolan=>var olan
vercek=>verecek
kadln=>kadın
annm=>annem
bni=>beni
ediyim=>edeyim
yaratms=>yaratma
insanm=>insan
herzaman=>her zaman
Elektirikli=>Elektrikli
rolnde=>rolünde
Bugece=>Bu Gece
hangisne=>hangisine
okulllar=>okullar
Aslnda=>Aslında
wapuru=>vapuru
giderki=>gider ki
idda=>iddia
temizlk=>temizlik
nedenlerdn=>nedenlerden
diyosun=>diyorsun
aciimi=>acilimi
nedenlerdn=>nedenlerden
ahaha=>haha
edicek=>edecek
biterbitmez=>biter bitmez
Herzaman=>Her Zaman
sSana=>sana
edilcek=>edilecek
gidiyosun=>gidiyorsun
yeterki=>yeter ki
entresan=>enteresan
stadta=>statta
senlikl=>senlik
komplekslimidir=>kompleksli midir
sesleniorum=>sesleniyorum
giyerm=>giyerim
isterimki=>isterim ki
hangisne=>hangisine
ediorum=>ediyorum
herzaman=>her zaman
heryerde=>her yerde
gecrler=>geceler
Sevilmezmi=>Sevilmez Mi
isterimki=>isterim ki
nedenlerdn=>nedenlerden
varki=>var ki
heralde=>herhalde
Uyumaak=>Uyumak
ahaha=>haha
fazlasyla=>fazlasıyla
birkez=>bir kez
herkesden=>herkesten
herkesee=>herkese
gelicek=>gelecek
bebeyiyle=>bebeğiyle
garsonanneyle=>garson anneyle
Yalanmi=>Yalan Mi
olmakdan=>olmaktan
birbiribe=>birbirine
enaz=>en az
demekki=>demek ki
malesef=>maalesef
hergece=>her gece
oluyosan=>oluyorsan
sni=>seni
dibne=>dibine
sokr=>skor
olcak=>olacak
olsn=>olsun
olmakdan=>olmaktan
birbiribe=>birbirine
nerde=>nerede
yokmu=>yok mu
malesef=>maalesef
bicdan=>vicdan
birkez=>bir kez
heryerde=>her yerde
stadta=>statta
allahtan=>allah'tan
bilirmisin=>bilir misin
benm=>benim
yernde=>yerinde
yapsaydm=>yapsaydım
nedenlerdn=>nedenlerden
basitlrle=>basitlerle
heralde=>herhalde
gidioruz=>gidiyoruz
goriiim=>gorilim
izliorum=>izliyorum
demekki=>demek ki
izlnemesi=>izlenmesi
heralde=>herhalde
Zannettiricek=>Zannettirecek
hayvnlar=>hayvanlar
bni=>beni
bni=>beni
iyigeceler=>iyi geceler
ablaam=>ablam
durabiliyosan=>durabiliyorsan
thw=>thy
nerde=>nerede
bakBiz=>bak Biz
stadta=>statta
erzurumda=>erzurum'da
dedm=>dedem
nedenlerdn=>nedenlerden
yaknda=>yakında
olcak=>olacak
Trabzonu=>Trabzon'u
yerdrn=>yerden
Allahtan=>Allah'tan
Allahtan=>Allah'tan
gidioruz=>gidiyoruz
stadta=>statta
bni=>beni
nedenlerdn=>nedenlerden
dakkada=>dakikada
diycek=>diyecek
Bnde=>Bende
korkulurmu=>korkulur mu
acaip=>acayip
vardr=>vardır
gibidr=>gibidir
askm=>askım
olmadn=>olmadan
gnlerin=>günlerin
yalanmi=>yalan mi
hergece=>her gece
oluyosunuz=>oluyorsunuz
taksimm=>taksim
unutamz=>unutmaz
kendn=>kendin
antremanlar=>antrenmanlar
nedenlerdn=>nedenlerden
diyorm=>diyorum
kendme=>kendime
stadta=>statta
mukayet=>mukayyet
iyigeceler=>iyi geceler
stadta=>statta
nedenlerdn=>nedenlerden
baskn=>baskın
heryerden=>her yerden
iddadan=>iddiadan
biliorum=>biliyorum
liydim=>leydim
uyuyosun=>uyuyorsun
artk=>artık
edrken=>ederken
ypma=>yapma
edasna=>edana
nedenlerdn=>nedenlerden
birdaha=>bir daha
senlikl=>senlik
baaki=>baki
veriyormusun=>veriyor musun
biliyormuydunuz=>biliyor muydunuz
stadta=>statta
veriyormusun=>veriyor musun
bilmiyormusun=>bilmiyor musun
veriyormusun=>veriyor musun
rekreasyonmudur=>rekreasyon mudur
btti=>bitti
halisaha=>hali saha
stadta=>statta
nedenlerdn=>nedenlerden
sewgilimle=>sevgilimle
ewliyiz=>evliyiz
beslediyin=>beslediğin
nedenlerdn=>nedenlerden
pofliyarak=>poflayarak
mutluluuk=>mutluluk
nedenlerdn=>nedenlerden
tebrk=>tebrik
ortakahve=>orta kahve
heralde=>herhalde
ilgil=>ilgi
bitireck=>bitirecek
tarafi=>taraf
surerler=>sureler
allahtan=>allah'tan
diyosun=>diyorsun
affetmz=>affetmez
kndisi=>kendisi
sempatk=>sempatik
gibidr=>gibidir
bekliyolar=>bekliyorlar
koydm=>koydum
gelicek=>gelecek
deysin=>değsin
gydiniz=>giydiniz
elbiselerinze=>elbiselerinize
Unutlmak=>Unutulmak
unuttm=>unuttum
nasL=>nasıL
biliyosa=>biliyorsa
oke=>okey
Unutlmak=>Unutulmak
unuttm=>unuttum
olursunz=>olursunuz
mikrofpnun=>mikrofonun
ahaha=>haha
falza=>fazla
burdalar=>buradalar
reyis=>reis
Haftasonuna=>Hafta Sonuna
iiydi=>iyiydi
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
izletiyolar=>izletiyorlar
sesleniyorm=>sesleniyorum
birbilseniz=>bir bilseniz
havlarmi=>havlar mi
olcak=>olacak
dostt=>dost
mtlu=>mutlu
olmk=>olmak
bulamazsn=>bulamazsın
diyemezsim=>diyemezsin
aldm=>aldım
desim=>dersim
bilmemne=>bilmem ne
bnde=>bende
seviyoruum=>seviyorum
yahidi=>yahudi
saatdir=>saattir
yatakdan=>yataktan
herkeze=>herkese
bnde=>bende
burdalar=>buradalar
sizinyan=>sizin yan
gidiyolar=>gidiyorlar
keyifi=>keyfi
olamazz=>olamaz
diet=>diyet
gidersinki=>gidersin ki
alacaktr=>alacaktır
zamn=>zaman
tunusta=>tunus'ta
ahaha=>haha
olmassa=>olmazsa
Dilerimki=>Dilerim Ki
olabiliyolar=>olabiliyorlar
tarafi=>taraf
huzurr=>huzur
ediyim=>edeyim
demekki=>demek ki
allahtan=>allah'tan
Haftasonu=>Hafta Sonu
pozittif=>pozitif
nyun=>oyun
Galatasaray'imiz=>Galatasarayımız
birkez=>bir kez
espiri=>espri
pozittif=>pozitif
yawrum=>yavrum
allahtan=>allah'tan
abedst=>abdest
biliyosunuz=>biliyorsunuz
Galatasaray'imiz=>Galatasarayımız
gidiyoruzz=>gidiyoruz
dersanede=>dershanede
seyrediyoruum=>seyrediyorum
geliceksin=>geleceksin
Mehmetin=>Mehmet'in
bnde=>bende
Hayrunisa=>Hayrunnisa
biliyordukda=>biliyorduk da
denicek=>denecek
gereklii=>gerekli
gidiyoruuz=>gidiyoruz
deyecek=>değecek
mhayat=>hayat
iyicee=>iyice
heryerde=>her yerde
komlekssiz=>komplekssiz
ehere=>here
oluur=>olur
vicdannda=>vicdanında
hissetmedn=>hissetmeden
allaha=>allah'a
imdatt=>imdat
midirr=>midir
yalanmi=>yalan mi
yaptm=>yaptım
romntik=>romantik
malesef=>maalesef
Hayrunisa=>Hayrunnisa
unutucak=>unutacak
beyenmedim=>beğenmedim
yeirne=>yerine
diyosun=>diyorsun
fransada=>fransa'da
Meraba=>Merhaba
MAB=>MEB
Sakaryaya=>Sakarya'ya
diyosun=>diyorsun
ordaki=>oradaki
gsteren=>gösteren
estafurullah=>estağfurullah
yokmu=>yok mu
fransada=>fransa'da
korkuyormusunuz=>korkuyor musunuz
dersaneye=>dershaneye
taytada=>tahtada
poroje=>proje
birdaha=>bir daha
uefaya=>uefa'ya
bozulcak=>bozulacak
gelicek=>gelecek
uykkum=>uykum
kanalda'da=>kanada'da
dersaneye=>dershaneye
babann=>babanın
Hzro=>Hazro
Krta=>Karta
alicak=>alacak
hissettinz=>hissettiniz
Volkan'siz=>Volkan Siz
nederse=>nedense
engelemeye=>engellemeye
donuyodum=>donuyorum
heerkes=>herkes
senlikl=>senlik
farksz=>farksız
lazm=>lazım
deil=>değil
adamsn=>adamsın
istafa=>istifa
Taksim'I=>Taksim
egitti=>gitti
severiiz=>severiz
verecekk=>verecek
klupun=>kulpun
fazala=>fazla
olsunmu=>olsun mu
Gidiyosunuz=>Gidiyorsunuz
acaip=>acayip
hissettinz=>hissettiniz
ahaha=>haha
vaar=>var
pratk=>pratik
senmisin=>sen misin
Ordaki=>Oradaki
dietini=>diyetini
gelior=>geliyor
kecen=>gecen
dietini=>diyetini
aykuta=>aykut'a
yapcak=>yapacak
gidicektim=>gidecektim
seslleniyorum=>sesleniyorum
cenneten=>cennetten
Oke=>Okey
beb=>meb
sezoon=>sezon
yeterr=>yeter
ben'mi=>ben mi
bilirmisin=>bilir misin
bilmememek=>bilememek
cenneten=>cennetten
pozision=>pozisyon
Geriiye=>Geriye
yalaan=>yalan
gitmk=>gitmek
gulurum=>gururum
komlekssiz=>komplekssiz
ehere=>here
Anneannemii=>Anneannemi
motara=>motora
elektirik=>elektrik
deil=>değil
canimsnn=>canimsin
unutmadm=>unutmadım
bebeim=>bebeğim
idda=>iddia
Demekki=>Demek Ki
saglim=>salim
halolacak=>hallolacak
bilemezsiniiz=>bilemezsiniz
heyacandan=>heyecandan
durcak=>duracak
brazilya=>brezilya
tehtit=>tehdit
nasel=>nasıl
muhattap=>muhatap
mesala=>mesela
diyemiyecek=>diyemeyecek
avcunu=>avucunu
kadae=>kadar
mzik=>müzik
uyuycak=>uyuyacak
deilsin=>değilsin
aklmda=>aklımda
trabzonun=>trabzon'un
habrden=>haberden
nsil=>nesil
zten=>zaten
heralde=>herhalde
birdaha=>bir daha
oyncuyu=>oyuncuyu
kadn=>kadın
yenideen=>yeniden
Hayrettine=>Hayrettin
bilemezsiniiz=>bilemezsiniz
geldm=>geldim
diycek=>diyecek
weya=>veya
olcak=>olacak
yandan'da=>yandan da
iatiyor=>istiyor
biliorum=>biliyorum
boluluyumm=>boluluyum
biliyormu=>biliyor mu
geneleginden=>genelevinden
oke=>okey
aliim=>alim
gazapli=>gazali
kayboluyosun=>kayboluyorsun
romanmisin=>roman misin
qoyum=>koyum
nekadar=>ne kadar
olabilirimki=>olabilirim ki
progtram=>program
deil=>değil
seviyosun=>seviyorsun
izlerrken=>izlerken
nerde=>nerede
Volkan'i=>Volkan
nerde=>nerede
pekii=>pekiyi
asosyalizbiz=>asosyaliz biz
yetiyormu=>yetiyor mu
gelicek=>gelecek
nerde=>nerede
gelmiyormu=>gelmiyor mu
nekadar=>ne kadar
terkedip=>terk edip
yapcak=>yapacak
Volkan'i=>Volkan
Kaafir=>Kafir
birdaha=>bir daha
Salaklaar=>Salaklar
sansizlik=>sensizlik
inciltmeyecek=>incitmeyecek
andir=>indir
neyyse=>neyse
nerde=>nerede
kelaylak=>kelaynak
eksiik=>eksik
ajdadan=>ajda'dan
sekercan'im=>seker canim
artk=>artık
esnaflr=>esnaflar
ahaha=>haha
yapabilcek=>yapabilecek
geliyosa=>geliyorsa
poziyon=>pozisyon
ajdadan=>ajda'dan
orttak=>ortak
nedr=>nedir
olsn=>olsun
sevdiyim=>sevdiğim
getircek=>getirecek
gezicigiz=>geziciyiz
Iremle=>Remle
atiyo=>atiye
nerdeyse=>neredeyse
geliyorr=>geliyor
Allah'im=>Allahım
heryere=>her yere
ajdadan=>ajda'dan
restorant=>restoran
baaya=>baya
hesiye=>hediye
felan=>falan
takimmi=>takim mi
papates=>patates
nasel=>nasıl
tvyi=>tv'yi
istiorum=>istiyorum
hesiye=>hediye
hesiye=>hediye
gidicek=>gidecek
selamlarr=>selamlar
ahaha=>haha
olurkn=>olurken
burnumuzdn=>burnumuzdan
melekin=>meleğin
seviniyodum=>seviniyordum
bebeke=>bebek
sinirliym=>sinirliyim
afetmez=>affetmez
geerek=>gemerek
aslnda=>aslında
kilip=>klip
resimelri=>resimleri
yanyana=>yan yana
olcak=>olacak
hormetine=>hürmetine
melekin=>meleğin
duydm=>duydum
heralde=>herhalde
olcak=>olacak
diyeRT=>diyeT
tafo'yu=>trafoyu
kador=>kadro
kislere=>kistlere
hormetine=>hürmetine
yaprakmidir=>yaprak midir
ediyolar=>ediyorlar
dansetse=>dans etse
ediyolar=>ediyorlar
kola'nin=>kolanın
gecseler=>geceler
yaybayan=>yay bayan
kandik=>kandil
oluruzz=>oluruz
bedeldirr=>bedeldir
deil=>değil
deil=>değil
malesef=>maalesef
ahaha=>haha
ediyolar=>ediyorlar
bekliorum=>bekliyorum
olmm=>olmam
fazr=>farz
polao=>polo
ikitane=>iki tane
Volkan'i=>Volkan
laneet=>lanet
egitti=>gitti
kartall=>kartal
beyendim=>beğendim
kadermi=>kader mi
biir=>biri
mezarlk=>mezarlık
cestler=>cesetler
allahtan=>allah'tan
varr=>var
tarafi=>taraf
ediyolar=>ediyorlar
ederki=>eder ki
havayi=>havai
istior=>istiyor
bulamadgm=>bulamadım
bbir=>bir
diyosun=>diyorsun
Balta'siz=>Balta Siz
bilesinki=>bilesin ki
yetenekmis=>yetenek mis
etmemekde=>etmemekte
bilader=>birader
geliyormusun=>geliyor musun
kurtulcak=>kurtulacak
biliyosa=>biliyorsa
Balta'siz=>Balta Siz
uefada=>uefa'da
sonbir=>son bir
sasiydi=>sesiydi
gidermiscesine=>gider miscesine
yanyana=>yan yana
gelicek=>gelecek
belirleneck=>belirlenecek
kurufasulye=>kuru fasulye
verdikleride=>verdiklerinde
olcak=>olacak
ediyolar=>ediyorlar
sorduklarnda=>sorduklarında
onlr=>onlar
yanyana=>yan yana
psikolijisini=>psikolojisini
yapcak=>yapacak
saana=>sana
eskisehire=>eskişehir'e
gdiyorum=>gidiyorum
dinletilebilcek=>dinletilebilecek
istiorsan=>istiyorsan
Nerde=>Nerede
nerde=>nerede
nerde=>nerede
oluyoduk=>oluyorduk
verirmisiniz=>verir misiniz
istiorum=>istiyorum
muhattap=>muhatap
bna=>bana
ediyim=>edeyim
olurr=>olur
birtanesin=>bir tanesin
Balanbanlar=>Balabanlar
sabahh=>sabah
eglenemedik=>evlenemedik
mudurun=>mudurnu
diorum=>diyorum
eglenemedik=>evlenemedik
lyken=>liken
yanyana=>yan yana
Zamany=>Zaman
heralde=>herhalde
ahavalarda=>havalarda
estafurullah=>estağfurullah
evdedn=>evden
Vecihiyle=>Vechiyle
konsrinize=>konserinize
konserleer=>konserler
haftasonundan=>hafta sonundan
dosyavermek=>dosya vermek
Haftasonu=>Hafta Sonu
diyince=>deyince
sallanicak=>sallanacak
gecikmekli=>gecikmeli
allaha=>allah'a
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
yoq=>yok
hpsi=>hepsi
userlerimiz=>eserlerimiz
edecew=>edece
yokktu=>yoktu
Takim'a=>Takim
ahaha=>haha
Buzamana=>Bu Zamana
tarafi=>taraf
dersanedeyim=>dershanedeyim
oke=>okey
iyah=>siyah
Tayfurun=>Tayfur'un
dersanede=>dershanede
sigaara=>sigara
oluyoo=>oluyor
dosyavermek=>dosya vermek
Haftasonu=>Hafta Sonu
oluyoo=>oluyor
diorum=>diyorum
heralde=>herhalde
buluur=>bulunur
benziyosun=>benziyorsun
insalara=>insanlara
ediyosun=>ediyorsun
dakkada=>dakikada
gitmediin=>gitmedin
Haani=>Hani
gidicektim=>gidecektim
iyidi=>iyiydi
deydirir=>değdirir
sakiniym=>sakinim
giricekler=>girecekler
acaip=>acayip
erkekelere=>erkeklere
rahatlamk=>rahatlamak
olabilirsn=>olabilirsin
okumadm=>okumadım
olmazz=>olmaz
zatmet=>zahmet
dakkada=>dakikada
diorum=>diyorum
giriyim=>gireyim
sadecee=>sadece
iside=>inside
gecistirin=>geciktirin
dakikaa=>dakika
isteyipde=>isteyip de
nerde=>nerede
geliyorki=>geliyor ki
istyorum=>istiyorum
yaptm=>yaptım
doldurduum=>doldurdum
sivasa=>sivas'a
biliorum=>biliyorum
Nerde=>Nerede
tarafi=>taraf
faliyet=>faaliyet
olabilirki=>olabilir ki
dier=>diğer
sanicak=>sancak
imdaat=>imdat
hesplasan=>hesaplasan
diet=>diyet
tattik=>taktik
eskisehire=>eskişehir'e
felan=>falan
birtek=>bir tek
ahaha=>haha
ahaha=>haha
tatildn=>tatilden
bna=>bana
anlaat=>anlat
diyince=>deyince
Bnce=>Bence
utandrmak=>utandırmak
yiycek=>yiyecek
hayatmda=>hayatımda
Takim'a=>Takim
fakar=>fakat
sk=>ssk
birkez=>bir kez
dernrkte=>dernekte
Yapicak=>Yapacak
migdem=>midem
migdem=>midem
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
olcak=>olacak
sevdiyim=>sevdiğim
esAef=>esef
eksi'in=>eksin
terasi=>terazi
demekki=>demek ki
erkeklr=>erkekler
ezilmemistik=>ezilme mistik
dernrkte=>dernekte
benziyorruz=>benziyoruz
ahaha=>haha
erkeklr=>erkekler
gelicek=>gelecek
diyosunuz=>diyorsunuz
diyosunuz=>diyorsunuz
kusenlerden=>kuzenlerden
idda=>iddia
resmn=>resmin
kinm=>kim
sermeyeciler=>sermayeciler
sitemleriim=>sitemlerim
idda=>iddia
dernrkte=>dernekte
heralde=>herhalde
diycek=>diyecek
Hamen=>Hemen
nerde=>nerede
nerde=>nerede
Takim'a=>Takim
BRAWO=>BRAVO
geliyosa=>geliyorsa
iyidi=>iyiydi
veriyolar=>veriyorlar
yeriim=>yerim
nitip=>nizip
Hut'da=>Hurda
uyugun=>uygun
gelemsi=>gelmesi
yoq=>yok
hpsi=>hepsi
idda=>iddia
berarberlik=>beraberlik
ediyeni=>hediyeni
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
biliyodum=>biliyorum
olmakdan=>olmaktan
felan=>falan
otururz=>otururuz
heralde=>herhalde
uyandm=>uyandım
aklmda=>aklımda
istiyosan=>istiyorsan
edicek=>edecek
artk=>artık
nerde=>nerede
gelsn=>gelsin
artk=>artık
Dinliyorm=>Dinliyorum
nerde=>nerede
vericek=>verecek
kocaa=>koca
nesile=>nesine
gitaa=>gitar
vericek=>verecek
dertki=>dert ki
Avci'ya=>Avcıya
feyste=>feste
edeeriz=>ederiz
varki=>var ki
deil=>değil
mutluyumki=>mutluyum ki
tramwaydaki=>tramvaydaki
mutluyumki=>mutluyum ki
diyorumki=>diyorum ki
Hut'da=>Hurda
geliorum=>geliyorum
giyicek=>giyecek
kdar=>kadar
hastanesnde=>hastanesinde
habermi=>haber mi
ecmem=>ecem
geliyosunuz=>geliyorsunuz
uyusaam=>uyusam
diyorumki=>diyorum ki
vericek=>verecek
almaak=>almanak
nerde=>nerede
diyorumki=>diyorum ki
mutluyumki=>mutluyum ki
mrb=>meb
onlarr=>onlar
veriln=>verilen
Bekliorum=>Bekliyorum
heryerde=>her yerde
ediyoduk=>ediyorduk
bebeim=>bebeğim
ciddimisin=>ciddi misin
yanyana=>yan yana
ediyolar=>ediyorlar
Margin'de=>Mardin'de
Margin'de=>Mardin'de
Onlarsiz=>Onlar Siz
bekliorum=>bekliyorum
dersaneyi=>dershaneyi
olsa'pizza=>olsa pizza
dinletilebilcek=>dinletilebilecek
cikn=>cin
garibm=>garibim
haftasonuna=>hafta sonuna
veriln=>verilen
sevglimi=>sevgilimi
zekiym=>zekiyim
gttik=>gotik
Serdar'i=>Serdar
Kulakdaki=>Kulaktaki
ucundami=>ucunda mi
jenerasyo=>jenerasyon
kimsesizliyin=>kimsesizliğin
haangi=>hangi
varki=>var ki
nedenlerdn=>nedenlerden
kutlyorum=>kutluyorum
ahaha=>haha
Allah'im=>Allahım
vuruyosun=>vuruyorsun
diyosun=>diyorsun
askm=>askım
donuyorm=>donuyorum
motordaym=>motordayım
nekadar=>ne kadar
kmse=>kimse
benm=>benim
biryere=>bir yere
nezaman=>ne zaman
trabzonun=>trabzon'un
trabzonun=>trabzon'un
gelioruz=>geliyoruz
aulunun=>avlunun
zatrn=>zaten
Allah'im=>Allahım
dernrkte=>dernekte
sudurki=>sudur ki
sdece=>sadece
toplmaya=>toplamaya
dvam=>devam
ediyosunuz=>ediyorsunuz
vermekk=>vermek
biliyosunuz=>biliyorsunuz
bnce=>bence
Allahtan=>Allah'tan
olcak=>olacak
yeterki=>yeter ki
yeterki=>yeter ki
yeterki=>yeter ki
seyle=>söyle
idda=>iddia
idda=>iddia
idda=>iddia
olrak=>olarak
dudud=>dudu
sni=>seni
heralde=>herhalde
nerde=>nerede
nedenlerdn=>nedenlerden
artk=>artık
Mevsimer=>Mevsimler
stadta=>statta
istiyoruzz=>istiyoruz
izleyebiliyoruzz=>izleyebiliyoruz
vericek=>verecek
Koministlik=>Komünistlik
femenistlik=>feministlik
Mavii=>Mavi
mavii=>mavi
kimiin=>kimin
gidilirmi=>gidilir mi
Seviyorm=>Seviyorum
normall=>normal
birkere=>bir kere
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
firmdan=>firmadan
yrrime=>yerime
birkere=>bir kere
sadce=>sadece
bahsediyosunuz=>bahsediyorsunuz
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
herzaman=>her zaman
miym=>miyom
lazm=>lazım
sevgilinz=>sevgilin
Ofisemize=>Ofisimize
olcak=>olacak
padyumdan=>podyumdan
benynimi=>beynimi
uyumakda=>uyumak da
uyumakda=>uyumak da
altalta=>alt alta
bokl=>bok
ahaha=>haha
Eskisehire=>Eskişehir'e
uediler=>kediler
altalta=>alt alta
babali=>babıali
buyusun=>buyursun
Ingilizce'de=>İngilizcede
edior=>ediyor
Cisimi=>Cismi
rezillk=>rezillik
olsn=>olsun
nerde=>nerede
psikilojim=>psikolojim
kadaar=>kadar
basarilydi=>basariliydi
tarafi=>taraf
yokmu=>yok mu
zonz=>zona
stokladin=>stok ladin
altalta=>alt alta
Senci=>Zenci
herzaman=>her zaman
beyenin=>beğenin
Haftasonu=>Hafta Sonu
parh=>park
ekin'mis=>ekin mis
erkekleremi=>erkeklere mi
yokki=>yok ki
gastoronomi=>gastronomi
gelicek=>gelecek
yeterr=>yeter
diyosun=>diyorsun
oldunuzmu=>oldunuz mu
ttamam=>tamam
Yapcak=>Yapacak
yakicak=>yakacak
nerdeyse=>neredeyse
Allah'im=>Allahım
herzaman=>her zaman
vaardi=>vardi
Derlerya=>Derler Ya
babanneye=>babaanneye
oyn=>oyun
sevenlerdemi=>sevenlerde mi
seyle=>söyle
matemazik=>matematik
bijoloji=>biyoloji
Vanda=>Van'da
baktm=>baktım
adamn=>adamın
baktm=>baktım
utanr=>utanır
diyosun=>diyorsun
Beyanim=>Beynim
ahaha=>haha
bilmim=>bilim
biir=>biri
biryandan=>bir yandan
sitres=>stres
inceck=>incecik
romantksin=>romantiksin
mehkeme=>mahkeme
olduki=>oldu ki
hiciz=>haciz
altalta=>alt alta
sinirleniyorumki=>sinirleniyorum ki
avcunu=>avucunu
nekadar=>ne kadar
parh=>park
olcak=>olacak
benzetiyosunuz=>benzetiyorsunuz
kocaelide=>kocaeli'de
CHPde=>CHP de
acaip=>acayip
adeletine=>adaletine
musallt=>musallat
sayip=>sahip
ahaha=>haha
demekki=>demek ki
deyilken=>değilken
olurr=>olur
etmemisen=>etmemişsen
malesef=>maalesef
krku=>korku
genenlikle=>genellikle
arakarar=>ara karar
uyanamadm=>uyanamadım
Nerdeyse=>Neredeyse
haketmek=>hak etmek
Nerdeyse=>Neredeyse
gelicek=>gelecek
olsn=>olsun
gelcek=>gelecek
demekki=>demek ki
almanyada=>almanya'da
digil=>dingil
bukadar=>bu kadar
Banyak=>Manyak
gitaa=>gitar
heralde=>herhalde
yasamin=>yasemin
gelebilicek=>gelebilecek
Eminmisiniz=>Emin Misiniz
dosst=>dost
takipp=>takip
Allahtan=>Allah'tan
Senci=>Zenci
harikka=>harika
birkere=>bir kere
psikloji=>psikoloji
trabzonda=>trabzon'da
benm=>benim
sormsk=>sormak
olabilirmi=>olabilir mi
atyi=>ati
gelcek=>gelecek
tejlikeli=>tehlikeli
geldm=>geldim
babannem=>babaannem
heralde=>herhalde
heralde=>herhalde
salaak=>salak
vericek=>verecek
bebeksii=>bebeksi
vesayre=>vesaire
iddalar=>iddialar
wekilim=>vekilim
Nezaman=>Ne Zaman
AkPartiye=>Ak Partiye
deyilsin=>değilsin
belirteyin=>belirteyim
hahh=>haha
yokki=>yok ki
olmakda=>olmak da
dokeen=>dokken
emreye=>emre'ye
ayneen=>aynen
buarada=>burada
felan=>falan
demekki=>demek ki
MAT'ini=>MARTini
Gulseren'le=>Gülserenle
geldinmi=>geldin mi
tassubu=>taassubu
harekt=>hareket
anlayabilcek=>anlayabilecek
bnzeyen=>benzeyen
insanlr=>insanlar
sevdimki=>sevdim ki
piza=>pizza
Buarada=>Burada
gidicek=>gidecek
vaar=>var
havayi=>havai
bosnada=>bosna'da
tepsisinle=>tepsisiyle
izlesinlr=>izlesinler
bukadar=>bu kadar
destanlasirken=>destanla sirken
kesnek=>kesenek
ancakispanya=>ancak ispanya
geliyrum=>geliyorum
Mesala=>Mesela
izniylee=>izniyle
sunupkendini=>sunup kendini
demektirki=>demektir ki
vanda=>van'da
olcak=>olacak
gelicek=>gelecek
ususe=>suse
nerde=>nerede
ewde=>evde
trafkte=>trafikte
demektiir=>demektir
dernrkte=>dernekte
ahaha=>haha
olsunki=>olsun ki
diyolar=>diyorlar
demektiir=>demektir
sunupkendini=>sunup kendini
varr=>var
olamayz=>olamaz
Burdaki=>Buradaki
DeOndan=>De Ondan
warsa=>varsa
alevalev=>alev alev
kooy=>koy
benmiyim=>ben miyim
amasyada=>amasya'da
bkliyoruz=>bekliyoruz
kandir=>kandil
dediklerni=>dediklerini
yoksn=>yoksun
verdm=>verdim
deyil=>değil
birdaha=>bir daha
warsa=>varsa
dansini=>dandini
beklrim=>beklerim
Adanaya=>Adana'ya
kadn=>kadın
amacm=>amcam
okuyabilyorsunuz=>okuyabiliyorsunuz
birlikteliklr=>birliktelikler
sevinrim=>sevinirim
verrse=>verse
beklrim=>beklerim
deil=>değil
etlilenip=>etkilenip
haftasonuna=>hafta sonuna
yapicak=>yapacak
ediyolar=>ediyorlar
adelesi=>adalesi
dersaneye=>dershaneye
yemedn=>yemen
snra=>sonra
olcak=>olacak
parh=>park
yapicak=>yapacak
kuslusu=>kuskusu
dostdur=>dosttur
luyor=>oluyor
malesef=>maalesef
Bhar=>Bahar
takipedenlerin=>takip edenlerin
zman=>zaman
izlememk=>izlemek
Olcay'cim=>Olcay Cim
tatlini=>tatilini
yokmu=>yok mu
heryer=>her yer
uyanmasn=>uyanmasın
artk=>artık
diyosun=>diyorsun
biliyosunuz=>biliyorsunuz
baktm=>baktım
ardundan=>ardından
sabreet=>sabret
vakaa=>vak'a
oturcak=>oturacak
Allahtan=>Allah'tan
diyosun=>diyorsun
iyiyimm=>iyiyim
iyibilirim=>iyi bilirim
iiki=>iki
bna=>bana
karaktre=>karakter
yiyosun=>yiyorsun
heryerlerinden=>her yerlerinden
olabilirm=>olabilir m
yanyana=>yan yana
disiplinemi=>disipline mi
yapabilirmi=>yapabilir mi
dedm=>dedem
bekleymem=>bekleyemem
manzil=>menzil
trajedirir=>trajedidir
olcak=>olacak
istiyosunuz=>istiyorsunuz
Abdulllah=>Abdullah
busabah=>bu sabah
ulastik=>lastik
olabilirki=>olabilir ki
resmn=>resmin
stadnda=>stadında
stadnda=>stadında
evede=>evde
kalpkrizi=>kalp krizi
tarafi=>taraf
nedn=>neden
yerm=>yerim
cevapsz=>cevapsız
arasnda=>arasında
yiycek=>yiyecek
idianame=>iddianame
dersaneye=>dershaneye
yetmezmi=>yetmez mi
ahaha=>haha
sevdm=>sevdim
Adanaya=>Adana'ya
izledkk=>izledik
gibierkek=>gibi erkek
nerde=>nerede
burcsun=>burcun
diyince=>deyince
Sarilki=>Sarilik
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
tarafi=>taraf
Nabz=>Nabız
NERDE=>NEREDE
needen=>neden
dinlyerek=>dinleyerek
dayanbilirlerdi=>dayan bilirlerdi
vermeliydm=>vermeliydim
birdaha=>bir daha
afrikadan=>afrika'dan
tatill=>tatil
yapcak=>yapacak
biraksam=>bir aksam
bukadar=>bu kadar
brifiing=>brifing
nerdeyse=>neredeyse
unutucak=>unutacak
yprum=>yorum
edicek=>edecek
Nabz=>Nabız
mrb=>meb
prinsiplerinden=>prensiplerinden
vehpi=>vehbi
geldm=>geldim
heralde=>herhalde
heralde=>herhalde
Istanbul'in=>Istanbulin
birdaha=>bir daha
Zaalim=>Zalim
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
Biliyosun=>Biliyorsun
fenevlilere=>fenerlilere
huzurr=>huzur
geldiik=>geldik
miili=>milli
yapcak=>yapacak
nerde=>nerede
Kendmi=>Kendimi
yokmu=>yok mu
nerde=>nerede
beyendim=>beğendim
elfrenini=>el frenini
heyhula=>heyula
giriyim=>gireyim
Allah'im=>Allahım
yolculik=>yolculuk
birdaha=>bir daha
belirteyin=>belirteyim
nereeye=>nereye
dilimm=>dilim
hisselerede=>hisselerde
nerdeyse=>neredeyse
olcak=>olacak
vaxtinizi=>vaktinizi
Heryerde=>Her Yerde
Nabz=>Nabız
beyendim=>beğendim
beyfendi=>beyefendi
Baristik=>Balistik
Eskisehire=>Eskişehir'e
biliorum=>biliyorum
geliyolar=>geliyorlar
erkekmisiniz=>erkek misiniz
Ingilizce'de=>İngilizcede
izliyip=>izleyip
smdi=>simdi
Allahtan=>Allah'tan
izliyodum=>izliyorum
basnda=>basında
iylik=>iyilik
yerinizmi=>yeriniz mi
belirteyin=>belirteyim
iddanamede=>iddianamede
yanyana=>yan yana
karekter=>karakter
karekterli=>karakterli
heralde=>herhalde
seviyoruZz=>seviyoruZ
mudurun=>mudurnu
giyiyosunuz=>giyiyorsunuz
yanyana=>yan yana
Birdaha=>Bir Daha
sabh=>sabah
Dayanamayop=>Dayanamayıp
korkuoruz=>korkuyoruz
ahaha=>haha
yapicak=>yapacak
kontorum=>konturum
karekter=>karakter
karekterinin=>karakterinin
smdi=>simdi
biliyormuydunuz=>biliyor muydunuz
diyoo=>diyor
diyee=>diyet
ahaha=>haha
isterdk=>isterik
derndi=>dendi
hasrt=>hasret
diyince=>deyince
malesef=>maalesef
korkulurmu=>korkulur mu
olcak=>olacak
yeterr=>yeter
gidior=>gidiyor
vuruorlar=>vuruyorlar
alicak=>alacak
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
Haftasonu=>Hafta Sonu
tlye=>tl'ye
izlettirmeyn=>izlettirmeyin
tarafi=>taraf
adamn=>adamın
gzeller=>güzeller
olunucak=>olunacak
dansediyorum=>dans ediyorum
naaki=>naki
olcak=>olacak
toplanicak=>toplanacak
vercek=>verecek
doolar=>dolar
Banaal=>Banal
gulerin=>güler'in
acsam=>aksam
senlikl=>senlik
eksiksiin=>eksiksin
diyicek=>diyecek
diyicek=>diyecek
varr=>var
gidebilirimm=>gidebilirim
zamn=>zaman
varr=>var
Kokusuu=>Kokusun
rezill=>rezil
kadarr=>kadar
bilemedimki=>bilemedim ki
kndilerini=>kendilerini
deil=>değil
diyettetiz=>diyetteyiz
gelicek=>gelecek
olcak=>olacak
nerdee=>nerede
olcak=>olacak
heryerde=>her yerde
nerde=>nerede
diecek=>diyecek
diyosun=>diyorsun
hftaya=>haftaya
oluoruz=>oluyoruz
Malesef=>Maalesef
YEhi=>YEni
heralde=>herhalde
diyebiliorum=>diyebiliyorum
salonlardami=>salonlarda mi
zamn=>zaman
yapamazlarmis=>yapamazlar mis
tarafi=>taraf
tarafi=>taraf
vallahii=>vallahi
bireyy=>birey
nerdeydi=>neredeydi
sorrsan=>sorarsan
sesszce=>sessizce
benm=>benim
ellernde=>ellerinde
benm=>benim
diyosunuz=>diyorsunuz
klot=>külot
dersanedeki=>dershanedeki
imkanm=>imkan
herzaman=>her zaman
baksaan=>baksana
beelki=>belki
bizm=>bizim
dersanedeki=>dershanedeki
benimbu=>benim bu
geldiik=>geldik
heralde=>herhalde
yapms=>yapma
tecrbeli=>tecrübeli
herzaman=>her zaman
dernekmis=>dernek mis
bncede=>bencede
Nabz=>Nabız
Duydumki=>Duydum Ki
smdi=>simdi
nerde=>nerede
nerde=>nerede
olsn=>olsun
heralde=>herhalde
nerdeyse=>neredeyse
kadarr=>kadar
nerdeyse=>neredeyse
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
ediyim=>edeyim
dersanenin=>dershanenin
diyosun=>diyorsun
diyince=>deyince
telafuz=>telaffuz
yokki=>yok ki
hayatmda=>hayatımda
nerdeyse=>neredeyse
sinirlendiim=>sinirlendim
Bonova=>Bornova
parai=>para
hissediorum=>hissediyorum
istiyosun=>istiyorsun
istiyosun=>istiyorsun
taratarlar=>taraftarlar
muhtarlara'biz=>muhtarlara biz
varki=>var ki
kahraman'i=>kahraman
herbir=>her bir
nerde=>nerede
nerdee=>nerede
Muhabbat=>Muhabbet
nerdeyse=>neredeyse
Klasok=>Klasik
doluym=>doluyum
Ingiltereye=>İngiltere'ye
nerdeyse=>neredeyse
etkek=>erkek
karekter=>karakter
karekterinin=>karakterinin
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
denirr=>denir
nerdeyse=>neredeyse
disisi=>dizisi
duyururmusunuz=>duyurur musunuz
dersanede=>dershanede
Herzaman=>Her Zaman
olamazz=>olamaz
gelemdin=>gelmedin
eyri=>eğri
asvalt=>asfalt
nerdeyse=>neredeyse
bilader=>birader
kahraman'i=>kahraman
ilkdefa=>ilk defa
baytar'i=>baytar
Nabz=>Nabız
Duydumki=>Duydum Ki
diyosun=>diyorsun
aramzda=>aramızda
Allah'im=>Allahım
mukayet=>mukayyet
kahraman'i=>kahraman
biliyosun=>biliyorsun
Allah'im=>Allahım
mukayet=>mukayyet
Nerde=>Nerede
hemdee=>hemde
diyolar=>diyorlar
gezisiydii=>gezisiydi
Tarap=>Taraf
Tarap=>Taraf
bukadar=>bu kadar
Duydumki=>Duydum Ki
bilirsinizki=>bilirsiniz ki
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
tekjlif=>teklif
nerde=>nerede
felan=>falan
uyumusuz=>uyumsuz
yiyosa=>yiyorsa
bahvelievlerli=>bahçelievlerli
yapcak=>yapacak
grmedim=>görmedim
Vincan=>Fincan
varki=>var ki
tekjlif=>teklif
allahm=>allahım
kahraman'i=>kahraman
vlla=>villa
gitmwkte=>gitmekte
olsuun=>olsun
birdaha=>bir daha
geliyorr=>geliyor
malesef=>maalesef
tekjlif=>teklif
hitao=>hitap
zewkli=>zevkli
Heey=>Hey
kahraman'i=>kahraman
sohpet=>sohbet
kenera=>kenara
beyeniyorum=>beğeniyorum
gelicek=>gelecek
nedersiniz=>ne dersiniz
dmeye=>demeye
fzla=>fazla
kosturana=>kusturana
Nabz=>Nabız
uykuu=>uyku
tekjlif=>teklif
mevzubahisse=>mevzu bahisse
nerdeyse=>neredeyse
mevzubahisse=>mevzu bahisse
duyrulur=>duyurulur
gidiyoruzz=>gidiyoruz
mutluuyum=>mutluyum
miyiim=>miyim
miyiim=>miyim
Wimdi=>Simdi
trabSon=>trabZon
edilcek=>edilecek
mevzubahisse=>mevzu bahisse
varki=>var ki
nerdeyse=>neredeyse
aklimzi=>aklimizi
koparicak=>koparacak
demekki=>demek ki
nedm=>nedim
beyaaz=>beyaz
garim=>garip
bekliyoruum=>bekliyorum
deyil=>değil
bebeim=>bebeğim
dersanedeyim=>dershanedeyim
mevzubahisse=>mevzu bahisse
gidiyorsn=>gidiyorsun
HERYER=>HER YER
dememm=>dememem
beyenmedim=>beğenmedim
seyle=>söyle
Allahtan=>Allah'tan
diolar=>dolar
birkez=>bir kez
nerdeyse=>neredeyse
seviorum=>seviyorum
kitlyim=>kitliyim
olurr=>olur
birkez=>bir kez
yemessek=>yemesek
benmiyim=>ben miyim
Nabz=>Nabız
Gelecekdeki=>Gelecekteki
bilinsinki=>bilinsin ki
bedri'ye=>bedriye
yaptm=>yaptım
sni=>seni
analizz=>analiz
bilirimki=>bilirim ki
Gelecekdeki=>Gelecekteki
olmasn=>olmasın
olurr=>olur
biliyodum=>biliyorum
diyosun=>diyorsun
tarafi=>taraf
tarafi=>taraf
yeterr=>yeter
Apno=>Pano
olcak=>olacak
askre=>asker
geldm=>geldim
burdaki=>buradaki
varr=>var
nerdeyse=>neredeyse
teyyit=>teyit
gibiyiim=>gibiyim
ARKAMDN=>ARKAMDAN
DURN=>DURAN
nerdeyse=>neredeyse
nerde=>nerede
tatill=>tatil
Daaman=>Dalaman
zman=>zaman
sacsaca=>sac saca
erkekmi=>erkek mi
Derib=>Derin
Ardacm=>Ardacım
diyorm=>diyorum
olsn=>olsun
bkiyim=>bakiyim
kntrol=>kontrol
geldilr=>geldiler
havalra=>havalar
nerde=>nerede
nerde=>nerede
Batunun=>Batu'nun
kaderr=>kader
Nabz=>Nabız
kahraman'i=>kahraman
isiyorum=>istiyorum
mutyluluk=>mutluluk
bitircek=>bitirecek
dietteyim=>diyetteyim
heryerim=>her yerim
kopuyoruzz=>kopuyoruz
heey=>hey
Kominizm=>Komünizm
tamaam=>tamam
diyolar=>diyorlar
trabzonun=>trabzon'un
lastiik=>lastik
oluyodum=>oluyorum
duyrulur=>duyurulur
nerdeyse=>neredeyse
Hocamiz'dan=>Hocamızdan
dnlemekten=>dinlemekten
Kominizm=>Komünizm
Apno=>Pano
Vidyo=>Video
itibaryle=>itibariyle
toplantm=>toplantı
mevzubahisse=>mevzu bahisse
smdi=>simdi
varki=>var ki
haala=>hala
istioruz=>istiyoruz
gelicek=>gelecek
kabimi=>kalbimi
istiyoruum=>istiyorum
haftdan=>haftadan
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
yemessem=>yemezsem
hayatnda=>hayatında
kabullenmekk=>kabullenmek
aama=>ama
nedersiniz=>ne dersiniz
biliyosun=>biliyorsun
bendm=>bendim
VALEYBOL=>VOLEYBOL
pihnan=>pinhan
seserim=>serserim
caniim=>canim
yukardakilerden=>yukarıdakilerden
havami=>hava mi
adaleet=>adalet
Apno=>Pano
kamoyu=>kamuoyu
Bilader=>Birader
bukadar=>bu kadar
yuzluydu=>tuzluydu
yemnlen=>yeminlen
vaar=>var
senmisin=>sen misin
nedeen=>neden
vaar=>var
giyipp=>giyip
nerdeyse=>neredeyse
aklimzi=>aklimizi
gecikirmeyin=>geciktirmeyin
Bizm=>Bizim
olurmuyum=>olur muyum
olmuyorki=>olmuyor ki
isinz=>isin
vrriyor=>veriyor
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
tualete=>tuvalete
siporum=>sporum
intezar=>intizar
vrriyor=>veriyor
Bizm=>Bizim
yapcak=>yapacak
oynuyosun=>oynuyorsun
olcak=>olacak
soruyosun=>soruyorsun
bildiin=>bildiğin
sendn=>senden
Bizm=>Bizim
sansiz=>sensiz
herhlade=>herhalde
Gittt=>Gitti
edemezz=>edemez
Trabzonun=>Trabzon'un
mazaret=>mazeret
diolar=>dolar
tualete=>tuvalete
bnim=>benim
aklmda=>aklımda
kusra=>kusura
Bizm=>Bizim
snra=>sonra
gelicek=>gelecek
kahvesiydii=>kahvesiydi
oluyr=>olur
ketif=>keyif
slikon=>silikon
Apno=>Pano
Trabzonun=>Trabzon'un
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
heralde=>herhalde
aay=>ay
Trbzonlular=>Trabzonlular
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
Trbzonlular=>Trabzonlular
unutmazdm=>unutmazdım
seviniyodum=>seviniyordum
sinirm=>sinir
biitti=>bitti
gelicek=>gelecek
oluyorr=>oluyor
sakte=>sahte
nekadar=>ne kadar
izliyosun=>izliyorsun
artk=>artık
iyiyimm=>iyiyim
basnda=>basında
bakalm=>bakalım
alicak=>alacak
alicak=>alacak
hemdee=>hemde
heralde=>herhalde
diyetteyz=>diyetteyiz
Heralde=>Herhalde
afrikada=>afrika'da
nekadar=>ne kadar
Tamaam=>Tamam
Heran=>Her An
nerdee=>nerede
entresan=>enteresan
Krta=>Karta
alicak=>alacak
afrikada=>afrika'da
Sivasa=>Sivas'a
yokmu=>yok mu
mahkmeye=>mahkemeye
sivasa=>sivas'a
Muhabbat=>Muhabbet
Heran=>Her An
olcak=>olacak
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
manzil=>menzil
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
diiller=>diller
diete=>diyete
camiaa=>camia
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
Allahtan=>Allah'tan
bugn=>bugün
okuldaydmm=>okuldaydım
nedenki=>neden ki
Klavuzu=>Kılavuzu
delilmi=>delil mi
itraf=>itiraf
Kariyet=>Kariyer
grekr=>grek
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
gidicek=>gidecek
gelicek=>gelecek
mutlusuda=>mutlu suda
heralde=>herhalde
tavuuk=>tavuk
tavuuk=>tavuk
trabzonun=>trabzon'un
uefaya=>uefa'ya
diyince=>deyince
sivasa=>sivas'a
olsuun=>olsun
olsuun=>olsun
Gelinliyinle=>Gelinliğinle
acsam=>aksam
olsn=>olsun
reytiglerde=>reytinglerde
diette=>diyette
geldm=>geldim
samimibulmuyorum=>samimi bulmuyorum
samimibulmuyorum=>samimi bulmuyorum
acaip=>acayip
yukarlarda=>yukarılarda
seviyosun=>seviyorsun
yaptm=>yaptım
itraf=>itiraf
itraf=>itiraf
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
nerdeyse=>neredeyse
milyonlarmi=>milyonlar mi
ediorum=>ediyorum
Hapise=>Hapse
acaip=>acayip
herzaman=>her zaman
ahaha=>haha
vaar=>var
kayseride=>kayseri'de
deil=>değil
kalbimizz=>kalbimiz
istiyosan=>istiyorsan
dediyimiz=>dediğimiz
gidicek=>gidecek
tramva=>travma
veriyorr=>veriyor
yokmu=>yok mu
yoq=>yok
Avustralyaya=>Avustralya'ya
varki=>var ki
seev=>sev
cisimin=>cismin
gelirya=>gelir ya
tlleri=>tl'leri
yasimin=>yasemin
nerde=>nerede
benziyemez=>benzeyemez
bnce=>bence
resmn=>resmin
malesef=>maalesef
gelicek=>gelecek
tehtit=>tehdit
avrupada=>avrupa'da
avrupada=>avrupa'da
Malesef=>Maalesef
benziyosunuz=>benziyorsunuz
gidiyoruuz=>gidiyoruz
ahaha=>haha
benziyemez=>benzeyemez
ozzan=>ozan
nerdeyse=>neredeyse
Unutuyosun=>Unutuyorsun
heralde=>herhalde
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
heryerde=>her yerde
aapartman=>apartman
diyosun=>diyorsun
sahnedeyizz=>sahnedeyiz
heralde=>herhalde
vericek=>verecek
nedenlerdn=>nedenlerden
bilmukabee=>bilmukabele
birkerede=>bir kerede
ortsk=>ortak
Apno=>Pano
heralde=>herhalde
Diplamaya=>Diplomaya
istiyoruum=>istiyorum
mrb=>meb
stadta=>statta
iyiym=>iyiyim
iyiym=>iyiyim
heralde=>herhalde
diyince=>deyince
malesef=>maalesef
mercecim=>mervecim
gururmuzsunuz=>gururumuzsunuz
hakediyorsunuz=>hak ediyorsunuz
olsagerek=>olsa gerek
seyehati=>seyahati
getirsn=>getirsin
BilgiBURSA=>Bilgi BURSA
geliyosun=>geliyorsun
Benm=>Benim
yeniasini=>yenisini
bilmemne=>bilmem ne
masumuyeti=>masumiyeti
mrb=>meb
mrb=>meb
Yukardan=>Yukarıdan
nerde=>nerede
herhangibirinin=>herhangi birinin
artk=>artık
olsn=>olsun
Yetr=>Yeter
adanada=>adana'da
adanaya=>adana'ya
Kecen=>Gecen
verdiyim=>verdiğim
eyni=>yeni
olduqu=>olduğu
qibi=>gibi
yokki=>yok ki
bncede=>bencede
bindirdilr=>bindirdiler
demekki=>demek ki
izliyosun=>izliyorsun
trabzonun=>trabzon'un
iddaname=>iddianame
sbze=>sebze
yeriim=>yerim
optuk=>optik
diyosun=>diyorsun
gelicek=>gelecek
bolumm=>bolum
karakteristk=>karakteristik
yapabiliyosan=>yapabiliyorsan
Haftasonuna=>Hafta Sonuna
Hyatta=>Hayatta
tutuncak=>tutunacak
yni=>yeni
zten=>zaten
etrafmda=>etrafımda
manzil=>menzil
sistemimis=>sistemimiz
Nabz=>Nabız
ediyosun=>ediyorsun
uyucak=>uyacak
nerdeyse=>neredeyse
buaralar=>bu aralar
savunmalR=>savunmalaR
veririsin=>verirsin
nesile=>nesine
bakistan=>pakistan
istiyoruum=>istiyorum
yapanilirsen=>yapabilirsen
askm=>askım
sevdm=>sevdim
gder=>gider
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
sadrinin=>kadrinin
uyuyodun=>uyuyordun
heralde=>herhalde
izliyiciyim=>izleyiciyim
dinliyiciyim=>dinleyiciyim
bekliyoduk=>bekliyorduk
biliyosun=>biliyorsun
byle=>böyle
deilde=>değilde
benzior=>benziyor
izliyiciyim=>izleyiciyim
dinliyiciyim=>dinleyiciyim
yokki=>yok ki
vijdan=>vicdan
deymeden=>değmeden
kelme=>kelime
vaar=>var
csearet=>cesaret
yapabilcek=>yapabilecek
digil=>dingil
nerdee=>nerede
teeselli=>teselli
sadce=>sadece
Snce=>Sence
herkeze=>herkese
provamn=>provan
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
alicak=>alacak
heralde=>herhalde
Trabzonun=>Trabzon'un
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
aslnda=>aslında
naraz=>maraz
nelerr=>neler
ezksin=>eziksin
sevinirdk=>sevinirdik
rotarla=>rotala
lacvert=>lacivert
oc'un=>acun
kaslarida=>kaslarda
seviyodur=>seviyordur
biraksam=>bir aksam
akilkupu=>akil kupu
Saath=>Saat
demezmi=>demez mi
gidioor=>gidiyor
birkez=>bir kez
etmezki=>etmez ki
havalr=>havalar
olacakmi=>olacak mi
olacakmi=>olacak mi
zHaman=>zaman
SivasS=>Sivas
nirde=>niğde
verisliyken=>varisliyken
temizki=>temiz ki
vericeksin=>vereceksin
vericeksin=>vereceksin
bendn=>benden
yetr=>yeter
btti=>bitti
askm=>askım
sinrlerim=>sinirlerim
Baketbol=>Basketbol
ahaha=>haha
sevmelisinki=>sevmelisin ki
baktm=>baktım
idda=>iddia
heryer=>her yer
opun=>oyun
gidiyorr=>gidiyor
intahar=>intihar
edicek=>edecek
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
nerdeyse=>neredeyse
koydm=>koydum
gdemeyiz=>gidemeyiz
yerimzi=>yerimiz
defetrden=>defterden
Evdee=>Evde
bni=>beni
bnden=>benden
snra=>sonra
seviyoruum=>seviyorum
heralde=>herhalde
biliorsun=>biliyorsun
vaar=>var
vaar=>var
nerde=>nerede
BilgiBURSA=>Bilgi BURSA
kalicisin=>kalecisin
yoruldumki=>yoruldum ki
vaar=>var
Nabz=>Nabız
heralde=>herhalde
kimlesn=>kimlesin
soruyorm=>soruyorum
yapakmi=>yapak mi
heycan=>heyecan
opun=>oyun
olabiliyolar=>olabiliyorlar
bsyi=>bayi
tranvay=>tramvay
uyandrmaya=>uyandırmaya
Sni=>Seni
benmle=>benimle
yrda=>yarda
paramzla=>paramızla
ordaki=>oradaki
trafkte=>trafikte
kuracm=>kuram
duruyosun=>duruyorsun
edicek=>edecek
feenerli=>fenerli
havta=>hava
Buarada=>Burada
sewinen=>sevinen
Turkce'de=>Türkçede
sadice=>sadece
okyim=>okeyim
diyebilicek=>diyebilecek
okyunca=>okuyunca
baktm=>baktım
bolemezsin=>bilemezsin
seviyoruum=>seviyorum
trbzon=>trabzon
imkansz=>imkansız
Veran=>Varan
yenideen=>yeniden
kalktm=>kalktım
bliyorum=>biliyorum
zten=>zaten
deyenler=>diyenler
ediyosun=>ediyorsun
aralarndaki=>aralarındaki
ilgilendirmz=>ilgilendirmez
insanlra=>insanlar
nedr=>nedir
bulunnmaktan=>bulunmaktan
Anaam=>Anam
yemeyee=>yemeye
aksoya=>aksoy'a
edki=>eski
malesef=>maalesef
biliyoruum=>biliyorum
bulunnmaktan=>bulunmaktan
dikisi=>dikili
heralde=>herhalde
bulunnmaktan=>bulunmaktan
edki=>eski
zannediyolar=>zannediyorlar
amerikada=>amerika'da
Unutuyosun=>Unutuyorsun
hazie=>hazine
Adeletsiz=>Adaletsiz
felan=>falan
yeriim=>yerim
Haftasonu=>Hafta Sonu
dakkaya=>dakikaya
bulunnmaktan=>bulunmaktan
sirin'le=>şirinle
kandir=>kandil
giriceksin=>gireceksin
varr=>var
manzil=>menzil
kavonozunun=>kavanozunun
bulunmaktayz=>bulunmaktayız
vaar=>var
vaar=>var
bnde=>bende
bna=>bana
deymez=>değmez
kandir=>kandil
oluyoo=>oluyor
bulunnmaktan=>bulunmaktan
edki=>eski
kilap=>kitap
ereen=>eren
bekirin=>bekir'in
Cinemada=>Sinemada
nerde=>nerede
atiyo=>atiye
atiyo=>atiye
bna=>bana
Dersanede=>Dershanede
ediorum=>ediyorum
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
anget=>anket
bulunnmaktan=>bulunmaktan
sdece=>sadece
iice=>iyice
haraket=>hareket
yapms=>yapma
hayatmda=>hayatımda
plav=>pilav
byle=>böyle
plav=>pilav
bulunnmaktan=>bulunmaktan
ordaki=>oradaki
hapsetin=>hapsettin
bnde=>bende
TEFARRUAT=>TEFERRUAT
edmeliyim=>etmeliyim
nerdeyse=>neredeyse
habcer=>haber
Foklor=>Folklor
sekizz=>sekiz
sankiim=>sankim
yapcak=>yapacak
kalpliyiim=>kalpliyim
aldatmaga=>aldatmaca
ishe=>is he
bulunnmaktan=>bulunmaktan
erkeklerne=>erkekler ne
gidemedm=>gidemedim
spordaydm=>spordaydım
bulunnmaktan=>bulunmaktan
bnce=>bence
benziyolar=>benziyorlar
sitemleriim=>sitemlerim
Sevgilliler=>Sevgililer
Duyg=>Duygu
rusyada=>rusya'da
edki=>eski
heralde=>herhalde
bulunnmaktan=>bulunmaktan
viskii=>viski
gelmeyecekk=>gelmeyecek
buunu=>bunu
ahaha=>haha
buarada=>burada
avucunin=>avucunun
odulum=>ordulum
bulunnmaktan=>bulunmaktan
Cinemaya=>Sinemaya
komk=>komik
olsn=>olsun
dedm=>dedem
zornda=>zorunda
sennki=>seninki
olsn=>olsun
varki=>var ki
adeleti=>adaleti
adeletsiz=>adaletsiz
Saath=>Saat
yokdur=>yoktur
ahaha=>haha
omuzuma=>omzuma
felan=>falan
felan=>falan
dedm=>dedem
uyunucak=>uyunacak
Ordaki=>Oradaki
veriyormu=>veriyor mu
trajikomk=>trajikomik
dokuun=>dokun
dyim=>deyim
benm=>benim
haberm=>haber
gidrim=>giderim
zebze=>sebze
Derlerya=>Derler Ya
bulunnmaktan=>bulunmaktan
verr=>ver
dersenizz=>derseniz
vermelerinide=>vermelerinde
selamz=>selam
benziyoo=>benziyor
Allaah=>Allah
olmassa=>olmazsa
ellern=>ellerin
andir=>indir
sefernde=>seferinde
varr=>var
saniyed=>saniye
halimdn=>halimden
eksit=>eksik
Edipde=>Edip De
mutlakaederim=>mutlaka ederim
heycanla=>heyecanla
Eskidrn=>Eskiden
dakkada=>dakikada
snra=>sonra
ptlama=>patlama
deil=>değil
koskaca=>koskoca
Edipde=>Edip De
allahtan=>allah'tan
nfusu=>nüfusu
Allah'im=>Allahım
gelicek=>gelecek
elektirkler=>elektrikler
dewam=>devam
istiyrum=>istiyorum
yanmda=>yanımda
snra=>sonra
Allaem=>Allame
soor=>spor
gelcek=>gelecek
anlamadm=>anlamadım
diyince=>deyince
tarafi=>taraf
deil=>değil
beylerr=>beyler
heralde=>herhalde
zamannda=>zamanında
keenk=>kepenk
biir=>biri
heralde=>herhalde
yetmezmi=>yetmez mi
acsam=>aksam
edki=>eski
Apno=>Pano
alcaklar=>alacaklar
Nekadar=>Ne Kadar
demekki=>demek ki
bilader=>birader
yerimt=>yerim
sadce=>sadece
ayse'yi=>ayşeyi
telf=>tel
yukarda=>yukarıda
atiyo=>atiye
Haftasonu=>Hafta Sonu
pragraf=>paragraf
misinizz=>misiniz
deyil=>değil
olsn=>olsun
biradama=>bir adama
Bakabiliisiniz=>Bakabilirsiniz
insanlaar=>insanlar
vaar=>var
tekrr=>tekrar
isimz=>isim
yiyosunuz=>yiyorsunuz
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
vericektim=>verecektim
diyosunuz=>diyorsunuz
ilaci=>ilahi
canm=>canım
Gelivedin=>Geliverdin
bagdemcikleri=>bademcikleri
deil=>değil
adelet=>adalet
nerde=>nerede
bsyi=>bayi
hemdaha=>hem daha
gidelm=>gidelim
varki=>var ki
insalar=>insanlar
golgeliyor=>gol geliyor
konudmalar=>konuşmalar
varki=>var ki
bilmeee=>bilmece
ilgil=>ilgi
kaar=>katar
Trabzonun=>Trabzon'un
kollay=>kolay
gaziemire=>gaziemir'e
mrb=>meb
ilgil=>ilgi
sandl=>sandal
ilgil=>ilgi
sseviyorum=>seviyorum
isttaistik=>istatistik
varki=>var ki
ahaha=>haha
nezamana=>ne zamana
yapicak=>yapacak
babanne=>babaanne
olcak=>olacak
ilgil=>ilgi
Emirr=>Emir
bahsediyolar=>bahsediyorlar
olurrum=>olurum
herkesden=>herkesten
malesef=>maalesef
konudmalar=>konuşmalar
Tvnin=>Tv'nin
hakediyorsunuz=>hak ediyorsunuz
sevdm=>sevdim
mahfetmesine=>mahvetmesine
iice=>iyice
iyiydii=>iyiydi
vaar=>var
Telefna=>Telefona
partlatmak=>parlatmak
erlerdr=>erlerdir
vermkten=>vermekten
dakikka=>dakika
picliklerine=>pisliklerine
dolarr=>dolar
umuut=>umut
gelicek=>gelecek
fermanm=>ferman
ediorum=>ediyorum
nerde=>nerede
nerdeyse=>neredeyse
diyebiliyo=>diyebiliyor
malesef=>maalesef
kave=>kahve
maalleden=>mahalleden
izlenirr=>izlenir
mizahsen=>mizansen
olaran=>olarak
izlenirr=>izlenir
kelme=>kelime
sovebilen=>sevebilen
digen=>dirgen
heralde=>herhalde
Bizm=>Bizim
yolluyodum=>yolluyorum
birdaha=>bir daha
sovebilen=>sevebilen
heralde=>herhalde
sovebilen=>sevebilen
Van'dsn=>Van'dan
deyil=>değil
donuyosun=>donuyorsun
Bayrak'I=>Bayrak
NERDE=>NEREDE
hassasmiydiniz=>hassas miydiniz
deil=>değil
nerye=>nereye
nerye=>nereye
birdaha=>bir daha
yanyana=>yan yana
yanyana=>yan yana
kopkop=>kop kop
leselim=>liselim
deqerLi=>değerLi
deqiL=>değiL
dedimki=>dedim ki
sovebilen=>sevebilen
felan=>falan
nireye=>nereye
Galatasaray'imizin=>Galatasarayımızın
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
veyinede=>ve yinede
devm=>devam
sehifelerin=>sahifelerin
iyidi=>iyiydi
aslnda=>aslında
annmi=>annemi
heralde=>herhalde
nerde=>nerede
demekki=>demek ki
nerde=>nerede
misafirperverm=>misafirperver
geciyk=>gecik
yokmu=>yok mu
zamn=>zaman
malesef=>maalesef
heralde=>herhalde
Diyettteyim=>Diyetteyim
byle=>böyle
nerdeyse=>neredeyse
diyince=>deyince
aslnda=>aslında
olabiliyolar=>olabiliyorlar
heryerim=>her yerim
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
edilmezz=>edilmez
bilemezz=>bilemez
smdi=>simdi
sovebilen=>sevebilen
varki=>var ki
canm=>canım
diuorum=>diyorum
birkez=>bir kez
pilis=>polis
oluyosun=>oluyorsun
Babamem=>Babam Em
gnde=>günde
Trabzonu=>Trabzon'u
trabzonun=>trabzon'un
Nerdeyse=>Neredeyse
Hanim'a=>Hanıma
bnde=>bende
duwara=>duvara
sovebilen=>sevebilen
deil=>değil
ahaha=>haha
yapicak=>yapacak
yirtsan=>yurtsan
artistleniyo=>artistleniyor
birtanesi=>bir tanesi
sevn=>seven
durmasn=>durmasın
smdi=>simdi
kapancak=>kapanacak
babm=>babam
akarr=>akar
akarr=>akar
Yeterincee=>Yeterince
ediorum=>ediyorum
acaip=>acayip
komleks=>kompleks
halbiki=>halbuki
heycan=>heyecan
anlatcak=>anlatacak
olsuun=>olsun
Nerdeyse=>Neredeyse
saatdir=>saattir
olcak=>olacak
malesef=>maalesef
uydurdumm=>uydurdum
demeyib=>demeyin
bikiyorum=>biliyorum
olack=>olacak
bislik=>pislik
kandir=>kandil
felan=>falan
acaip=>acayip
ahaha=>haha
gelicek=>gelecek
kilan=>klan
sitres=>stres
kadii=>kadir
heralde=>herhalde
azndan=>azından
benm=>benim
yerm=>yerim
Ytsam=>Utsam
kilan=>klan
mahdur=>mağdur
erkk=>erkek
beyensin=>beğensin
masinlarlar=>masonlarlar
beyenmeye=>beğenmeye
Galatasarat=>Galatasaray
oryantel=>oryantal
herzaman=>her zaman
heryerde=>her yerde
enbuyuk=>en buyuk
ikizker=>ikizler
ikizker=>ikizler
karekter=>karakter
trabzonun=>trabzon'un
gidebileyimm=>gidebileyim
acaip=>acayip
uzakki=>uzak ki
busa=>bursa
Espiri=>Espri
Van'dsn=>Van'dan
ahaha=>haha
diyolar=>diyorlar
mutluluuk=>mutluluk
yeterki=>yeter ki
heralde=>herhalde
deyil=>değil
pantalonundan=>pantolonundan
pantalon=>pantolon
mutluluuk=>mutluluk
gymedim=>giymedim
sovebilen=>sevebilen
Birdaha=>Bir Daha
olabiliyolar=>olabiliyorlar
bzde=>bizde
yhani=>yani
atiyo=>atiye
ediyorumki=>ediyorum ki
crsaret=>cesaret
olmaak=>olmak
ediyim=>edeyim
istyorum=>istiyorum
istersinki=>istersin ki
verdm=>verdim
yalnz=>yalnız
senlikl=>senlik
olcak=>olacak
sanicak=>sancak
geldiim=>geldim
diyince=>deyince
felan=>falan
bulunnmaktan=>bulunmaktan
normalki=>normal ki
batip=>batik
deniznde=>denizde
gidiceksin=>gideceksin
disim=>dizim
oldumki=>oldum ki
bilmemne=>bilmem ne
evdn=>evden
etiketliyip=>etiketleyip
heralde=>herhalde
allaha=>allah'a
herker=>herkes
verirki=>verir ki
dayanicak=>dayanacak
sovebilen=>sevebilen
veriyolar=>veriyorlar
olmz=>olmaz
sovebilen=>sevebilen
seviyosun=>seviyorsun
deil=>değil
kilan=>klan
dewam=>devam
sovebilen=>sevebilen
kariyernete=>kariyer nete
yanmda=>yanımda
atann=>atana
dnlemek=>dinlemek
izlenicek=>izlenecek
denedinii=>denediniz
ahaha=>haha
fermanm=>ferman
byle=>böyle
bnde=>bende
yokmuydu=>yok muydu
nekadar=>ne kadar
grur=>gurur
nerdeyse=>neredeyse
acaip=>acayip
acaip=>acayip
yoruldumki=>yoruldum ki
istiyen=>isteyen
sovebilen=>sevebilen
birasda=>birazda
olcak=>olacak
kahkah=>kahkaha
meraba=>merhaba
ahaha=>haha
nerde=>nerede
ahaha=>haha
sepep=>sebep
sovebilen=>sevebilen
nerdeyse=>neredeyse
ediir=>edilir
gurbettiki=>gurbetteki
tahliyee=>tahliye
oluorum=>oluyorum
ceteyiz=>cepteyiz
seninke=>seninle
ediyormu=>ediyor mu
sovebilen=>sevebilen
demedihini=>demediğini
demedihini=>demediğini
oyuncuyuum=>oyuncuyum
heryere=>her yere
aklmda=>aklımda
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
Bzi=>Biz
kzlar=>kızlar
onlra=>onlar
deyil=>değil
ikizker=>ikizler
sovebilen=>sevebilen
veriyolar=>veriyorlar
sovebilen=>sevebilen
fermanm=>ferman
olucaklar=>olacaklar
seyle=>söyle
bilesinki=>bilesin ki
bilesinki=>bilesin ki
notka=>nokta
hakvermez=>hak vermez
hakvermez=>hak vermez
aslnda=>aslında
olurr=>olur
Benm=>Benim
tepkisz=>tepkisiz
istermisiniz=>ister misiniz
istiyorm=>istiyorum
istermisiniz=>ister misiniz
bilesinki=>bilesin ki
Yasolar=>Yasalar
oyunuda=>oyunda
memleketimm=>memleketim
vaar=>var
reyis=>reis
Fettullah=>Fethullah
seninke=>seninle
alicak=>alacak
alicak=>alacak
oluyosunuz=>oluyorsunuz
gidicek=>gidecek
basdan=>bastan
yapicak=>yapacak
ordaki=>oradaki
heralde=>herhalde
olunabilcek=>olunabilecek
felan=>falan
heralde=>herhalde
fakirmisiniz=>fakir misiniz
reyis=>reis
tvnin=>tv'nin
artk=>artık
iddinameden=>iddianameden
yokmu=>yok mu
bakmasn=>bakmasın
yeteer=>yeter
lafmi=>laf mi
vericek=>verecek
olmusunuz=>olmuşsunuz
ediyorr=>ediyor
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
gerililm=>gerilim
Birdaha=>Bir Daha
yeterr=>yeter
bni=>beni
diliyorm=>diliyorum
diyosun=>diyorsun
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
Klavuza=>Kılavuza
Tebrikl=>Tebrik
nederlerdi=>ne derlerdi
ellerinie=>ellerini
oluyosun=>oluyorsun
yapyor=>yapıyor
girsecektim=>girecektim
vuruyosun=>vuruyorsun
biliorum=>biliyorum
heralde=>herhalde
bahsediyosun=>bahsediyorsun
Gitsiin=>Gitsin
menejerlik=>menajerlik
ayrieten=>ayriyeten
yapicak=>yapacak
kandir=>kandil
yokki=>yok ki
olursunuzz=>olursunuz
ewet=>evet
Yeterincee=>Yeterince
aylk=>aylak
nerde=>nerede
olcak=>olacak
oldukva=>oldukça
allahtan=>allah'tan
fransada=>fransa'da
acmamla=>amcamla
beyaz'in=>beyaz in
gitmk=>gitmek
istyen=>isteyen
rahatlmak=>rahatlamak
istyorum=>istiyorum
edicek=>edecek
olcak=>olacak
hewesle=>hevesle
beklior=>bekliyor
Haber'I=>Haber
glecek=>gelecek
yencem=>yengem
artk=>artık
dolaptn=>dolaptan
kenk=>kent
heryer=>her yer
ahaha=>haha
deil=>değil
vesilesyle=>vesilesiyle
biryere=>bir yere
marmaraya=>marmara'ya
deqerLi=>değerLi
deqiL=>değiL
diyosun=>diyorsun
yiyelm=>yiyelim
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
heycanla=>heyecanla
birbirleryle=>birbirleriyle
biryere=>bir yere
hazmedemiyen=>hazmedemeyen
zihniyetmi=>zihniyet mi
bolmemeleri=>bol memeleri
baklavaspor=>baklava spor
kagada=>kanada
insanl=>insan
yokmu=>yok mu
Kzlar=>Kızlar
tavrlar=>tavırlar
acaip=>acayip
gecelerr=>geceler
dinlnemeyen=>dinlenemeyen
MAHMEME=>MAHKEME
gidicektik=>gidecektik
diyolar=>diyorlar
bikiyorum=>biliyorum
Yenerin=>Yener'in
gelicek=>gelecek
heralde=>herhalde
geceleer=>geceler
Yenerin=>Yener'in
onjektifinin=>objektifinin
oluuyor=>oluyor
Yenerin=>Yener'in
yenerle=>yener'le
gecictin=>geciktin
insn=>insan
kagada=>kanada
insanl=>insan
ertellendi=>ertelendi
sevmedinizmi=>sevmediniz mi
ediyolar=>ediyorlar
yenerin=>yener'in
yenerin=>yener'in
oluruum=>olurum
kadarr=>kadar
patostur=>patnostur
danayi=>sanayi
geberiyim=>gebereyim
benmle=>benimle
yenerin=>yener'in
olcak=>olacak
olcak=>olacak
oluyosunuz=>oluyorsunuz
nedenlerdn=>nedenlerden
danayi=>sanayi
kodumn=>kodumun
nedn=>neden
gittinmi=>gittin mi
isimmi=>isim mi
nasl=>nasıl
smdi=>simdi
dostlaa=>dostlara
somra=>sonra
gelirmi=>gelir mi
gelirmi=>gelir mi
biriinci=>birinci
bozcaklar=>bozlaklar
bukadar=>bu kadar
gelemzdi=>gelmezdi
seyrediyosa=>seyrediyorsa
geceydii=>geceydi
Allah'im=>Allahım
nekadar=>ne kadar
sikeciye=>sirkeciye
ahaha=>haha
yokmu=>yok mu
diyosun=>diyorsun
yalnz=>yalnız
demekki=>demek ki
emziriyosun=>emziriyorsun
olcak=>olacak
bni=>beni
heralde=>herhalde
adetaa=>adeta
verdm=>verdim
bundn=>bundan
erkenmi=>erken mi
varki=>var ki
Tebikler=>Tebrikler
nehirgibidir=>nehir gibidir
resimm=>resim
birdaha=>bir daha
soruyorr=>soruyor
demekki=>demek ki
Dsende=>Sende
deqerini=>değerini
yanarki=>yanar ki
seviyosam=>seviyorsam
deqerini=>değerini
yanarki=>yanar ki
gidiyosun=>gidiyorsun
varki=>var ki
yogunum=>yorgunum
deqerini=>değerini
yanarki=>yanar ki
zamn=>zaman
erkeyin=>erkeğin
kilan=>klan
teek=>taek
oynuyosun=>oynuyorsun
tutksuz=>tutuksuz
kilan=>klan
galp=>kalp
benm=>benim
zevkni=>zevkli
veririsen=>verirsen
sadeece=>sadece
geliceksin=>geleceksin
nerdeyse=>neredeyse
seviyoruum=>seviyorum
olduki=>oldu ki
zornda=>zorunda
sonrami=>sonra mi
erkeyin=>erkeğin
haftasonuna=>hafta sonuna
astigmatim=>astigmatizm
Dayanamamm=>Dayanamam
edilmise=>edilmişse
aksesuvar=>aksesuar
litfen=>lütfen
oyanamaya=>oynamaya
beslenirki=>beslenir ki
diyebilicek=>diyebilecek
aykutumm=>aykutum
silicek=>silecek
nerde=>nerede
bekliyelim=>bekleyelim
soruyosun=>soruyorsun
iddanameyi=>iddianameyi
handeyener=>hande yener
havayi=>havai
gelicekler=>gelecekler
bnlar=>bunlar
ciddimisiniz=>ciddi misiniz
ucunaa=>ucuna
dialoglarla=>diyaloglarla
canm=>canım
zannetdim=>zannettim
istyenleri=>isteyenleri
vericek=>verecek
Azerbayjan=>Azerbaycan
bilgisayarlai=>bilgisayarlar
unutulmazz=>unutulmaz
canm=>canım
Demekki=>Demek Ki
hilayelerin=>hikayelerin
pskolojiyle=>psikolojiyle
anlamadm=>anlamadım
varki=>var ki
yoq=>yok
hpsi=>hepsi
yasasn=>yasasın
birzaman=>bir zaman
demekki=>demek ki
bildiin=>bildiğin
ilging=>ilginç
bbu=>bu
geliorum=>geliyorum
ahaha=>haha
heryerde=>her yerde
bnce=>bence
herkeze=>herkese
hafata=>hafta
yazdk=>yazdık
yorgunumm=>yorgunum
yenerin=>yener'in
Nerde=>Nerede
izledm=>izledim
battik=>batik
hissediyrum=>hissediyorum
gidicek=>gidecek
ahaha=>haha
yenere=>yener'e
yapcak=>yapacak
palntolon=>pantolon
melekemm=>melekem
unuttunuzmu=>unuttunuz mu
sebepmi=>sebep mi
yeterr=>yeter
nerde=>nerede
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
yenerin=>yener'in
tarafi=>taraf
uyusn=>uyusun
beyenen=>beğenen
aple=>apple
yenerin=>yener'in
pilazma=>plazma
hedefliyen=>hedefleyen
yapmm=>yapmam
olabilirsinizde=>olabilir sinizde
vericek=>verecek
seviniyoduk=>seviniyorduk
seslu=>sesli
godoslama=>bodoslama
Dohan=>Doğan
haraketli=>hareketli
hepde=>hep de
heycan=>heyecan
yenere=>yener'e
olabilr=>olabilir
bitinci=>birinci
Bugn=>Bugün
alanaa=>alanya
gezetenizde=>gazetenizde
positif=>pozitif
geldiki=>geldi ki
nerdeyse=>neredeyse
diyosun=>diyorsun
positif=>pozitif
bulup'da=>bulup da
uykuyami=>uykuya mi
positif=>pozitif
bizm=>bizim
meyoyla=>mayoyla
heralde=>herhalde
herzaman=>her zaman
heralde=>herhalde
Fetih'I=>Fetih
olabilicek=>olabilecek
giderr=>gider
kelimleri=>kelimeleri
miyz=>miyaz
adilliginden=>adil liginden
anladm=>anladım
istrsen=>istersen
sevmezki=>sevmez ki
bekliyorz=>bekliyoruz
hepisi=>hepsi
deyil=>değil
yoktr=>yoktur
svmek=>sevmek
Bukonuda=>Bu Konuda
filazof=>filozof
sevmezki=>sevmez ki
vaar=>var
normalmi=>normal mi
artk=>artık
daaha=>daha
insaniiim=>insaniyim
kaderiniiin=>kaderinizin
propoganda=>propaganda
bulunurr=>bulunur
Allah'im=>Allahım
seyrediyim=>seyredeyim
geceleer=>geceler
diyosun=>diyorsun
Kerizmatik=>Karizmatik
uyukluyosun=>uyukluyorsun
sonunuda=>sonunda
hedeflemeridir=>hedeflemelidir
yenerin=>yener'in
herkeze=>herkese
heran=>her an
ederdm=>ederdim
cemeatin=>cemaatin
kdar=>kadar
kagada=>kanada
insanl=>insan
TRABZONUN=>TRABZON'UN
diyebilcek=>diyebilecek
yenerr=>yener
iiydin=>iyiydin
istiyosan=>istiyorsan
almanyada=>almanya'da
tarafi=>taraf
tarafi=>taraf
nerdeydi=>neredeydi
atraksyon=>atraksiyon
Nerde=>Nerede
bnde=>bende
heran=>her an
iddaanameyi=>iddianameyi
karekter=>karakter
biliyosa=>biliyorsa
allaha=>allah'a
geliyosun=>geliyorsun
Allh=>Allah
bna=>bana
yapcak=>yapacak
Allh=>Allah
bna=>bana
ayittir=>aittir
gttik=>gotik
korkarsn=>korkarsın
diyolar=>diyorlar
tarafi=>taraf
bnce=>bence
sewerim=>severim
nedenimm=>nedenim
varr=>var
vazgezilmezsin=>vazgeçilmezsin
Gulen'lerin=>Gülenlerin
bildrge=>bildirge
gelicek=>gelecek
geliyosun=>geliyorsun
veriyorl=>veriyor
sevdimmi=>sevdim mi
nekadar=>ne kadar
buarada=>burada
yiosun=>yosun
beyazz=>beyaz
isitiyor=>istiyor
iiler=>iller
erciiyes=>erciyes
nekadar=>ne kadar
desteklemz=>desteklemez
sevgilimA=>sevgilim
Nezaman=>Ne Zaman
tarafi=>taraf
nerde=>nerede
bilmeliyizki=>bilmeliyiz ki
espiri=>espri
ssohbet=>sohbet
allaah=>allah
askm=>askım
sni=>seni
oluyosun=>oluyorsun
kardanadam=>kardan adam
Ewet=>Evet
kameraylami=>kamerayla mi
yazmsm=>yazmam
tarafi=>taraf
trabzonu=>trabzon'u
ooflaya=>oflaya
iyti=>iti
edinmiim=>edinmişim
snra=>sonra
istiyorm=>istiyorum
Fetih'vizyondan=>Fetih Vizyondan
snden=>senden
heralde=>herhalde
buyusun=>buyursun
vericek=>verecek
erciiyes=>erciyes
nekadar=>ne kadar
maymunlr=>maymunlar
artk=>artık
nedersen=>ne dersen
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
istkrarda=>istikrarda
yaplmaz=>yapılmaz
acaip=>acayip
sarfettik=>sarf ettik
biliyorsunuzki=>biliyorsunuz ki
bnden=>benden
endse=>ense
verr=>ver
burdaki=>buradaki
ayaktaym=>ayaktayım
heralde=>herhalde
susturmk=>susturmak
diyince=>deyince
diorum=>diyorum
nerde=>nerede
evciil=>evcil
ltfen=>lütfen
yaptm=>yaptım
digil=>dingil
kaldrmaz=>kaldırmaz
malesef=>maalesef
artarda=>art arda
artk=>artık
kmse=>kimse
Beniim=>Benim
deil=>değil
oynanmazmiydi=>oynanmaz miydi
erciiyes=>erciyes
nekadar=>ne kadar
sorarr=>sorar
veriyoo=>veriyor
kaybedebilirm=>kaybedebilirim
herzaman=>her zaman
qeceleri=>geceleri
ciddimisin=>ciddi misin
ordaki=>oradaki
olabilr=>olabilir
yazms=>yazma
ediyorm=>ediyorum
yapcak=>yapacak
gidiorum=>gidiyorum
bukadar=>bu kadar
verilirmiydi=>verilir miydi
giiti=>gitti
filmm=>film
herkeze=>herkese
fikiir=>fikir
diyince=>deyince
herkeze=>herkese
gizemcan=>gizem can
biliyodum=>biliyorum
geldinki=>geldin ki
demekki=>demek ki
salaksn=>salaksın
ediorum=>ediyorum
vermekmi=>vermek mi
halisaha=>hali saha
bugn=>bugün
misiniiz=>misiniz
yogunum=>yorgunum
parmaklarna=>parmaklarına
dokunmaktn=>dokunmaktan
diyebiliyosun=>diyebiliyorsun
biliyosan=>biliyorsan
neredee=>nerede
malesef=>maalesef
geik=>geyik
Herks=>Herkes
olanlr=>olanlar
heralde=>herhalde
gceler=>geceler
yenerin=>yener'in
yapcak=>yapacak
saglim=>salim
heralde=>herhalde
zaaman=>zaman
olmassa=>olmazsa
savicilik=>sevicilik
gruruna=>gururuna
kisilermi=>kisiler mi
adadm=>adam
dyen=>diyen
dayanamadm=>dayanamadım
zamn=>zaman
fetullah=>fethullah
Pplisin=>Polisin
askm=>askım
Pplisin=>Polisin
Allahtan=>Allah'tan
canm=>canım
olsn=>olsun
sevgn=>sevgi
zamaan=>zaman
uyanicak=>uyanacak
demekki=>demek ki
oratada=>ortada
ordaki=>oradaki
yapsaydm=>yapsaydım
yapn=>yapan
Haftasonuna=>Hafta Sonuna
herkeze=>herkese
canm=>canım
hepmesaj=>hep mesaj
herzaman=>her zaman
oldummu=>oldum mu
oldummu=>oldum mu
bilader=>birader
tutukduz=>tutuksuz
birtanedir=>bir tanedir
edemezdm=>edemezdim
erkekmi=>erkek mi
Pplisin=>Polisin
heycanla=>heyecanla
deyil=>değil
olurt=>olur
gubu=>grubu
vermk=>vermek
gelior=>geliyor
sahipmi=>sahip mi
nerde=>nerede
menepoza=>menopoza
istemeyenlet=>istemeyenler
Pplisin=>Polisin
muhasebecimisin=>muhasebeci misin
hayt=>hayat
BUGECE=>BU GECE
aradn=>aradan
uzaktaan=>uzaktan
deyiller=>deyimler
nedn=>neden
Burcinin=>Burçin'in
yokda=>yok da
snra=>sonra
dersn=>dersin
geereksiz=>gereksiz
deil=>değil
allaha=>allah'a
sevdirki=>sevdir ki
suriyedeki=>suriye'deki
uyuym=>uyum
hanm=>hanım
sezeen=>sezen
patliyacak=>patlayacak
olcak=>olacak
bahsediyosunuz=>bahsediyorsunuz
ilaci=>ilahi
olabilirmi=>olabilir mi
diyenbilirim=>diyebilirim
kusenler=>kuzenler
geliyosun=>geliyorsun
gelicek=>gelecek
fransadan=>fransa'dan
ediyim=>edeyim
yapicak=>yapacak
yapcak=>yapacak
verebilicek=>verebilecek
Buyukadam=>Buyuk Adam
yenere=>yener'e
kokusuu=>kokusun
emliyette=>emniyette
evlenilcek=>evlenilecek
Bizimkiisi=>Bizimkisi
uyumakmi=>uyumak mi
kocakafa=>koca kafa
cipsmi=>cips mi
dost'da=>dost da
yni=>yeni
benm=>benim
bekliyoruzz=>bekliyoruz
sewerim=>severim
gidlen=>gizlen
farketmeyecek=>fark etmeyecek
Aay=>Ay
yerne=>yerine
gideym=>gideyim
bekletmemis=>bekletmemiz
olcak=>olacak
evlenilcek=>evlenilecek
felan=>falan
birtanesi=>bir tanesi
uzakki=>uzak ki
ahaha=>haha
ilerii=>ileri
menepoza=>menopoza
kkac=>kktc
fransadan=>fransa'dan
ahaha=>haha
dinleynlere=>dinleyenlere
nerde=>nerede
edilicek=>edilecek
memleketimm=>memleketim
Eylul'den=>Eylülden
pogram=>program
pepeenin=>pepenin
nerde=>nerede
nerdee=>nerede
kendilei=>kendileri
yenere=>yener'e
diyosun=>diyorsun
bahsediyosun=>bahsediyorsun
bnde=>bende
gaztesi=>gazetesi
veriyolar=>veriyorlar
malesef=>maalesef
biyle=>bilye
farketmeyen=>fark etmeyen
mahfetme=>mahvetme
yilundan=>yolundan
miletler=>milletler
yilundan=>yolundan
hastanedn=>hastaneden
Sabah'i=>Sabah
kdar=>kadar
yapms=>yapma
olsn=>olsun
saatinda=>saatinde
Aakar=>Akar
uykusiuz=>uykusuz
bekliyosunuz=>bekliyorsunuz
adammi=>adam mi
Zadri'nin=>Kadri'nin
ZVURAL=>VURAL
alicaklar=>alacaklar
tektek=>tek tek
demekki=>demek ki
isimm=>isim
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
gecelerr=>geceler
bikiyorum=>biliyorum
dakkada=>dakikada
dakkalara=>dakikalara
istiyorumki=>istiyorum ki
kdar=>kadar
inanki=>inan ki
felan=>falan
huukuk=>hukuk
zman=>zaman
istediyin=>istediğin
bensana=>ben sana
evede=>evde
ciddimisin=>ciddi misin
yumurtami=>yumurta mi
yenerin=>yener'in
Zabah=>Sabah
istiorum=>istiyorum
doldulabilirim=>doldurabilirim
unuttm=>unuttum
acaip=>acayip
benziyosun=>benziyorsun
zekasyla=>zekasıyla
baslr=>baslar
okulaa=>okulla
herkesden=>herkesten
sizdan=>sizden
tarafi=>taraf
gelicek=>gelecek
malesef=>maalesef
tarifedilemez=>tarif edilemez
eserr=>eser
allaha=>allah'a
isbat=>ispat
sizdan=>sizden
ulusoyu=>ulusoy
priblemimi=>problemimi
dinnenmek=>dinlenmek
acitasyon=>ajitasyon
sordm=>sordum
lafmi=>laf mi
teferruatmi=>teferruat mi
agrasif=>agresif
aike=>aile
Aklimmi=>Aklim Mi
Teyfik=>Tevfik
ediyoor=>ediyor
geberiyodum=>geberiyorum
degileri=>dergileri
avrupada=>avrupa'da
buresmi=>bu resmi
mevlanada=>mevlana'da
kusmiyim=>kus miyim
natonun=>nato'nun
gururlandk=>gururlandık
susturmami=>susturma mi
tatmazmiyim=>tatmaz miyim
bilseen=>bilsen
diorum=>diyorum
yiyceksin=>yiyeceksin
yuzup=>yutup
disim=>dizim
gidermi=>gider mi
herzaman=>her zaman
hayataa=>hayatta
muhabet=>muhabbet
diyince=>deyince
varki=>var ki
desteyiniz=>desteğiniz
elromandan=>el romandan
biliyosun=>biliyorsun
bulamadk=>bulamadık
gelicek=>gelecek
giydircek=>giydirecek
tarafndan=>tarafından
veriilen=>verilen
tamaman=>tamamen
hotelci=>otelci
heralde=>herhalde
olabilr=>olabilir
mmesaj=>mesaj
beklersn=>beklersin
biliyosunuz=>biliyorsunuz
herzaman=>her zaman
geliyorya=>geliyor ya
sevdimki=>sevdim ki
Greyfut=>Greyfurt
dakikaa=>dakika
gidiyoo=>gidiyor
Eskisehirdeki=>Eskişehir'deki
hastabakicisi=>hasta bakicisi
anlayamiyacak=>anlayamayacak
heralde=>herhalde
yapsn=>yapsan
beklior=>bekliyor
beterol=>beter ol
Nezaman=>Ne Zaman
tamaman=>tamamen
ahaha=>haha
gecseler=>geceler
kayberdersen=>kaybedersen
gidior=>gidiyor
xalim=>zalim
warsa=>varsa
Maltpe=>Maltepe
Sorumusuzluk=>Sorumsuzluk
dakkika=>dakika
warsa=>varsa
Sporpsikolog'u=>Spor Psikologu
felan=>falan
biliyosun=>biliyorsun
feriduna=>feridun
heralde=>herhalde
dvaya=>davaya
ediceksen=>edeceksen
ediyosak=>ediyorsak
niden=>neden
diyicek=>diyecek
nedersen=>ne dersen
bulamazsn=>bulamazsın
aptall=>aptal
yanyana=>yan yana
kitaplr=>kitaplar
doldurms=>doldurma
meelek=>melek
beniim=>benim
anneem=>annem
kadn=>kadın
programlarnda=>programlarında
buarada=>burada
mizikteki=>müzikteki
vermiyoruzki=>vermiyoruz ki
yeriim=>yerim
tekrr=>tekrar
heycanla=>heyecanla
geliyosa=>geliyorsa
yapcak=>yapacak
isersiniz=>istersiniz
mazaret=>mazeret
ciddimisin=>ciddi misin
evleniyim=>evleneyim
yanaar=>yanar
edicek=>edecek
karekter=>karakter
artk=>artık
soruyodu=>soruyordu
buarada=>burada
miisiniz=>misiniz
kandir=>kandil
alcaklar=>alacaklar
artk=>artık
acsam=>aksam
ezberm=>ezberim
biliyodum=>biliyorum
heralde=>herhalde
artk=>artık
duyrulur=>duyurulur
dersanen=>dershanen
bnce=>bence
snra=>sonra
agbisi=>abisi
alanlarada=>alanlarda
duyrulur=>duyurulur
oykun=>oyun
acaip=>acayip
ordaki=>oradaki
artk=>artık
mazaret=>mazeret
almanyadaki=>almanya'daki
geliceksin=>geleceksin
ediyorm=>ediyorum
geliceksin=>geleceksin
varki=>var ki
Nerde=>Nerede
bnde=>bende
ortamdn=>ortamdan
allahtan=>allah'tan
kaybediyosun=>kaybediyorsun
diyosun=>diyorsun
olrak=>olarak
Fransadan=>Fransa'dan
herzaman=>her zaman
birbirindn=>birbirinden
geliyosa=>geliyorsa
kareografi=>koreografi
nerdeyse=>neredeyse
mutluyumki=>mutluyum ki
artk=>artık
GecelikSevgilimsin=>Gecelik Sevgilimsin
snirden=>sinirden
olcak=>olacak
espirisi=>esprisi
Hasaas=>Hassas
filmer=>filmler
mazmut=>mazbut
nerde=>nerede
saatdir=>saattir
izliyosuz=>izliyoruz
yakalarmisiniz=>yakalar misiniz
ahaha=>haha
matematk=>matematik
hcim=>hacim
artk=>artık
okuyormusun=>okuyor musun
resimm=>resim
adenada=>adana'da
Ayneen=>Aynen
nedersin=>ne dersin
sessizz=>sessiz
istiyorumki=>istiyorum ki
isityorum=>istiyorum
kesenmi=>kesen mi
heralde=>herhalde
muhabetini=>muhabbetini
transferr=>transfer
lazm=>lazım
lazm=>lazım
Hrkes=>Herkes
severdiim=>severdim
isersiniz=>istersiniz
iligiyi=>ilgiyi
hakediyor=>hak ediyor
Alihan'i=>Alihan
baktari=>bakteri
heralde=>herhalde
olamiyanlar=>olamayanlar
kolleksiyonunda=>koleksiyonunda
srnin=>senin
diyosun=>diyorsun
zorlamamk=>zorlamak
lazm=>lazım
atmamistik=>atma mistik
bnde=>bende
evetde=>evet de
varki=>var ki
Birdaha=>Bir Daha
Birdaha=>Bir Daha
ulusdan=>ulustan
biliyrum=>biliyorum
herzaman=>her zaman
ardamidir=>arda midir
duydunuzmu=>duydunuz mu
keendine=>kendine
gidiyosunuz=>gidiyorsunuz
onurr=>onur
birhafta=>bir hafta
Allahm=>Allahım
olms=>olma
islernde=>islerinde
bulunuyosun=>bulunuyorsun
giriyim=>gireyim
resimmi=>resim mi
nerdeyse=>neredeyse
olmaaz=>olmaz
olsuun=>olsun
rezzil=>rezil
Hergece=>Her Gece
heryerde=>her yerde
allahtan=>allah'tan
heralde=>herhalde
artk=>artık
Allah'im=>Allahım
Unutmadgm=>Unutmadım
ahmetin=>ahmet'in
vaar=>var
artk=>artık
kirizine=>krizine
vericeksin=>vereceksin
ediorum=>ediyorum
biliyodum=>biliyorum
sokk=>sok
evlatt=>evlat
olsuun=>olsun
bni=>beni
bukadar=>bu kadar
adaletmi=>adalet mi
bni=>beni
bni=>beni
diorum=>diyorum
ederizz=>ederiz
ahaha=>haha
ktydum=>koydum
etmekde=>etmek de
sisem=>sistem
gidiceksiniz=>gideceksiniz
halnde=>hande
xansever=>cansever
yiyosunuz=>yiyorsunuz
oluyosunuz=>oluyorsunuz
allahtan=>allah'tan
yenilmedk=>yenilmedik
Malesef=>Maalesef
adalaet=>adalet
mazaret=>mazeret
nerde=>nerede
geliyosa=>geliyorsa
Aceba=>Acaba
ediyim=>edeyim
nerde=>nerede
ediyim=>edeyim
ayca'yla=>ayçayla
aaynen=>aynen
artk=>artık
artk=>artık
yeticek=>yetecek
emerjik=>enerjik
bitiktiriyorum=>biriktiriyorum
eyem=>eylem
ayca'yla=>ayçayla
seweriz=>severiz
bukadar=>bu kadar
olurr=>olur
bahsediyosan=>bahsediyorsan
hepberaber=>hep beraber
aykutun=>aykut'un
Sevgiili=>Sevgili
normalmi=>normal mi
Patatesden=>Patatesten
bukadar=>bu kadar
oolamaz=>olamaz
dinliorum=>dinliyorum
gidiyolar=>gidiyorlar
bna=>bana
herzaman=>her zaman
maglesef=>maalesef
kendni=>kendini
teslm=>teslim
kendni=>kendini
filminn=>filminin
cozduruyorlar=>bozduruyorlar
limonats=>limonata
limonats=>limonata
ediyim=>edeyim
boktanki=>boktan ki
artk=>artık
herzaman=>her zaman
Silivrideki=>Silivri'deki
huzr=>huzur
sevgli=>sevgili
heralde=>herhalde
diliorum=>diliyorum
heralde=>herhalde
ediyr=>ediyor
bilader=>birader
yokki=>yok ki
saaat=>saat
heralde=>herhalde
birkez=>bir kez
etiketliyen=>etiketleyen
ahaha=>haha
birdaha=>bir daha
zornda=>zorunda
zannedlyorlar=>zannediyorlar
pantalon=>pantolon
kandiyorsunuz=>kan diyorsunuz
TBMMde=>TBMM de
oluur=>olur
erciiyes=>erciyes
nekadar=>ne kadar
yokki=>yok ki
heralde=>herhalde
kutluyorz=>kutluyoruz
biliyosun=>biliyorsun
ahaha=>haha
dipteyik=>dipteyim
arasnda=>arasında
geliyr=>geliyor
bakalm=>bakalım
heemen=>hemen
hayatmdakileri=>hayatımdakileri
ahaha=>haha
Yapicak=>Yapacak
gidicek=>gidecek
malesef=>maalesef
kanida=>kanada
bnle=>benle
vardr=>vardır
giderk=>giderek
farkedemezsin=>fark edemezsin
gbidir=>gibidir
tirt=>trt
evdemisin=>evde misin
durmda=>durumda
izlemelisuniz=>izlemelisiniz
yeani=>yeni
gelicek=>gelecek
mrb=>meb
andir=>indir
ssizin=>sizin
caniim=>canim
sizzi=>sizi
iyiydii=>iyiydi
iztiyor=>istiyor
diyosun=>diyorsun
duymusuz=>duygusuz
hismi=>his mi
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
varki=>var ki
bahsediyosun=>bahsediyorsun
yapabiliryorum=>yapabiliyorum
ahaha=>haha
olabilirmi=>olabilir mi
ediyorm=>ediyorum
kndimi=>kendimi
menzun=>mezun
litfen=>lütfen
komefiyse=>komediyse
haalindeki=>hayalindeki
galatasarayy=>galatasaray
HERZAMAN=>HER ZAMAN
SK=>SSK
diyosunuz=>diyorsunuz
malesef=>maalesef
daaha=>daha
varki=>var ki
oldm=>oldum
oldm=>oldum
varki=>var ki
smdi=>simdi
olcak=>olacak
izlemk=>izlemek
siizin=>sizin
herzaman=>her zaman
yokki=>yok ki
artk=>artık
sahanesi=>sahnesi
sahanesi=>sahnesi
Hayall=>Hayal
yumurtami=>yumurta mi
tavukmu=>tavuk mu
Allah'im=>Allahım
geleck=>gelecek
SLAK=>SALAK
ahaha=>haha
nerde=>nerede
bazn=>bazen
hissediyorm=>hissediyorum
ediceksin=>edeceksin
yapcak=>yapacak
nerde=>nerede
adelet=>adalet
istiyosun=>istiyorsun
nesile=>nesine
sezainin=>sezai'nin
Gidenlerdeen=>Gidenlerden
yorgunumki=>yorgunum ki
muhattap=>muhatap
duyururmusunuz=>duyurur musunuz
malesef=>maalesef
intazar=>intizar
tamaam=>tamam
seansin=>sensin
Pazatesi=>Pazartesi
neredeyimm=>neredeyim
nerde=>nerede
ahaha=>haha
hakettik=>hak ettik
diyoo=>diyor
bnde=>bende
bnde=>bende
hacc=>hac
besliyosunuz=>besliyorsunuz
Apno=>Pano
girdm=>girdim
Naaz=>Namaz
Saaray=>Saray
yiyorumm=>yiyorum
gbisi=>gibisi
kocamaan=>kocaman
trafk=>trafik
artk=>artık
yapcak=>yapacak
Bnde=>Bende
bni=>beni
diyarbakirda=>diyarbakır'da
malesef=>maalesef
malesef=>maalesef
verdm=>verdim
birkez=>bir kez
Ilayla=>Layla
gelicek=>gelecek
birkez=>bir kez
giderrken=>giderken
diyoo=>diyor
tawuk=>tavuk
arasnda=>arasında
sevindm=>sevindim
sizn=>sizin
kimlerizleyecek=>kimler izleyecek
wakti=>vakti
Naaz=>Namaz
Saaray=>Saray
biliyosa=>biliyorsa
gzelim=>güzelim
birkez=>bir kez
diyosun=>diyorsun
anlatmayalm=>anlatmayalım
bransda=>branda
herkesee=>herkese
gidiin=>gidişin
Seksens=>Seksene
Bilirimki=>Bilirim Ki
nerdee=>nerede
pislikmisiniz=>pislik misiniz
heralde=>herhalde
benm=>benim
Havayi=>Havai
yedikden=>yedikten
biliyormuydunuz=>biliyor muydunuz
heralde=>herhalde
beniim=>benim
dierlerine=>diğerlerine
birkez=>bir kez
gizledimm=>gizledim
pslik=>pislik
baikan=>baykan
gisilerinde=>giysilerinde
anladm=>anladım
artk=>artık
sizid=>sizi
dersanede=>dershanede
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
ucuzlasma=>ucuzlama
andir=>indir
bekleriim=>beklerim
halbuku=>halbuki
varki=>var ki
seviyosun=>seviyorsun
Trabzonu=>Trabzon'u
varki=>var ki
onlra=>onlar
geliceksin=>geleceksin
dugu=>duygu
gidiyosun=>gidiyorsun
baristik=>balistik
BEYAZMELEK=>BEYAZ MELEK
olcak=>olacak
giriceksin=>gireceksin
avaraja=>averaja
seyle=>söyle
muusun=>musun
birkez=>bir kez
kapilan=>kaplan
varki=>var ki
deyil=>değil
smdi=>simdi
elektirkten=>elektrikten
ynai=>yani
gidiyosun=>gidiyorsun
TLlik=>TL'lik
istiyosan=>istiyorsan
olsuun=>olsun
hatrlatan=>hatırlatan
birkez=>bir kez
heralde=>herhalde
diyosun=>diyorsun
bebeke=>bebek
kmse=>kimse
hastanedeyik=>hastanedeyim
Fatsaya=>Fatsa'ya
baknotlarla=>banknotlarla
bakistan=>pakistan
yapcak=>yapacak
sewmem=>sevmem
kendisinii=>kendisini
Haftasonu=>Hafta Sonu
gidiyodu=>gidiyordu
kiim=>kilim
gilay=>gülay
lakinki=>lakin ki
stadtan=>stattan
sonundqa=>sonunda
sonuu=>sonuç
benimsiniiz=>benimsiniz
isterseen=>istersen
heryerde=>her yerde
benzrlik=>benzerlik
gsteriyor=>gösteriyor
smdi=>simdi
kndime=>kendime
geliim=>gelişim
kaldm=>kaldım
Terkedildikten=>Terk Edildikten
andir=>indir
giriyosun=>giriyorsun
bukadar=>bu kadar
gdebilir=>gidebilir
ewime=>evime
faslan=>aslan
heralde=>herhalde
baraberlik=>beraberlik
Naaz=>Namaz
Saaray=>Saray
Aik=>Aşk
Bataya=>Batarya
Trabzonu=>Trabzon'u
geridedi=>geridedir
beyenin=>beğenin
laneet=>lanet
seviyosun=>seviyorsun
gilay=>gülay
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
gidiorum=>gidiyorum
Ispartadan=>Isparta'dan
karektersiz=>karaktersiz
onlaraa=>onlara
nekadar=>ne kadar
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
nerde=>nerede
anlaticaklar=>anlatacaklar
Raahat=>Rahat
Krne=>Karne
geldigm=>geldim
lgi=>lig
viraan=>viran
kiyun=>koyun
kople=>komple
olamaaz=>olamaz
sallayaraak=>sallayarak
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
diliorum=>diliyorum
diyettten=>diyetten
nerdeyse=>neredeyse
wekerim=>şekerim
kadarr=>kadar
mezcup=>meczup
sahipp=>sahip
sewgilim=>sevgilim
derlr=>derler
geriyee=>geriye
gittm=>gittim
baktm=>baktım
artk=>artık
buarada=>burada
gilay=>gülay
Denencek=>Denenecek
oluyr=>olur
birkez=>bir kez
kadn=>kadın
varr=>var
cisimi=>cismi
sindromuna=>sendromuna
unutamamm=>unutamam
gelirgetirmeyi=>gelir getirmeyi
sansizlik=>sensizlik
ark'mada=>arkada
motorsiklet=>motosiklet
baristik=>balistik
kuzucuuk=>kuzucuk
hemencicik=>hemencecik
olcak=>olacak
nerdeyse=>neredeyse
buluyosun=>buluyorsun
malesef=>maalesef
teknolijiden=>teknolojiden
nerde=>nerede
adelet=>adalet
bende'diyemem=>bende diyemem
insnlar=>insanlar
erkn=>erkan
kaldm=>kaldım
tarah=>taraf
gelicek=>gelecek
ortasnda=>ortasında
birkez=>bir kez
allahtan=>allah'tan
gidiyosun=>gidiyorsun
gtti=>gitti
heryerden=>her yerden
deyer=>değer
vermemeliyik=>vermemeliyiz
hayatm=>hayatım
Allah'im=>Allahım
dedigin'i=>dediğini
minumum=>minimum
kurtalar=>kurtlar
geliyosa=>geliyorsa
skandaal=>skandal
acsam=>aksam
malesef=>maalesef
yenerin=>yener'in
bahsediyosun=>bahsediyorsun
gidiyosunuz=>gidiyorsunuz
kacivert=>lacivert
malesef=>maalesef
heryerine=>her yerine
ediyim=>edeyim
diyolar=>diyorlar
bunlarr=>bunlar
etmeez=>etmez
demessin=>demezsin
bunlarn=>bunların
valahi=>vallahi
malesef=>maalesef
anlamadm=>anlamadım
duyururmusunuz=>duyurur musunuz
istegince=>isteyince
seyrediin=>seyredin
oluyodum=>oluyorum
yapicak=>yapacak
oluncayaa=>oluncaya
kadaar=>kadar
istyorum=>istiyorum
ltfen=>lütfen
istiorum=>istiyorum
giriyim=>gireyim
yokki=>yok ki
gelirdiim=>gelirdim
profilni=>profili
tamamdr=>tamamdır
sorunmu=>sorun mu
gelicek=>gelecek
anlasaa=>anlasana
adayip=>acayip
malesef=>maalesef
Allah'm=>Allahım
yaptk=>yaptık
iseyene=>isteyene
heralde=>herhalde
rapporu=>raporu
duruyorr=>duruyor
Benm=>Benim
istiorum=>istiyorum
condomsuz=>kondomsuz
artk=>artık
birkez=>bir kez
birkez=>bir kez
beklenirkin=>beklenirken
olmaayacak=>olmayacak
demekki=>demek ki
uzuun=>uzun
olurr=>olur
birkez=>bir kez
mlyon=>milyon
tarafi=>taraf
tarafi=>taraf
nifret=>nefret
tarafi=>taraf
gidiyoduk=>gidiyorduk
nerde=>nerede
heryerde=>her yerde
alicak=>alacak
ruhumdurr=>ruhumdur
migde=>mide
dilniyorum=>dinliyorum
yapicak=>yapacak
yni=>yeni
vaar=>var
bitiriyolar=>bitiriyorlar
diyolar=>diyorlar
deniyeyim=>deneyeyim
bkunu=>bokunu
olcak=>olacak
nerdeyse=>neredeyse
nerde=>nerede
Oyunmuydu=>Oyun Muydu
ilgilenicek=>ilgilenecek
zamnlar=>zamanlar
Hakimiyyet=>Hakimiyet
Veran=>Varan
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
sni=>seni
trafikmis=>trafik mis
hyvan=>hayvan
Haftasonu=>Hafta Sonu
malesef=>maalesef
zamnlar=>zamanlar
Edalet=>Adalet
Hakimiyyet=>Hakimiyet
Konyaya=>Konya'ya
istiyosan=>istiyorsan
disliyoruz=>dinliyoruz
bekliyodu=>bekliyordu
geliyodur=>geliyordur
veriyosunuz=>veriyorsunuz
Allahtan=>Allah'tan
kullanmka=>kullanmak
canlarr=>canlar
nerde=>nerede
uzuun=>uzun
kanadaya=>kanada'ya
komisiyonda=>komisyonda
yapicak=>yapacak
Bncede=>Bencede
oyunchu=>oyuncu
benm=>benim
gidioruz=>gidiyoruz
turizimci=>turizmci
nerdeyse=>neredeyse
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
mahvettilerr=>mahvettiler
anlatsaa=>anlatsana
astik=>lastik
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
oynuyur=>oynuyor
deseem=>desem
aoperasyonuna=>operasyonuna
ilaci=>ilahi
ALLAH'im=>ALLAHım
heralde=>herhalde
demokratligi=>demokrat ligi
acsam=>aksam
sni=>seni
snra=>sonra
turkte=>türk'te
olcak=>olacak
olr=>olur
gder=>gider
bakalm=>bakalım
Heryerde=>Her Yerde
heryerde=>her yerde
arabamm=>arabam
hayatm=>hayatım
akaar=>akar
utanyorum=>utanıyorum
gidicek=>gidecek
birkez=>bir kez
trafk=>trafik
sensn=>sensin
heryer=>her yer
bitisindeki=>bitimindeki
dahvil=>tahvil
olduramazsn=>olduramazsın
KanalD'de=>Kanal D'de
heralde=>herhalde
heralde=>herhalde
ediyolar=>ediyorlar
ahaha=>haha
ahaha=>haha
ahaha=>haha
demessin=>demezsin
gelipde=>gelip de
demessin=>demezsin
geleyjm=>geleyim
olmazya=>olmaz ya
iyidi=>iyiydi
bitirdiqime=>bitirdiğime
dinlenirmi=>dinlenir mi
melisav=>melisa
insanlaar=>insanlar
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
Sahii=>Sahibi
birkez=>bir kez
nerde=>nerede
olcak=>olacak
seviyosunuz=>seviyorsunuz
bebaber=>beraber
zamn=>zaman
kullancak=>kullanacak
ALLAHA=>ALLAH'A
Peygemberimize=>Peygamberimize
uzv=>uzuv
bukadar=>bu kadar
bukadar=>bu kadar
reyis=>reis
bekliyosun=>bekliyorsun
terketti=>terk etti
vurursunya=>vurursun ya
Sbah=>Sabah
iddaaname=>iddianame
elhamdilillah=>elhamdülillah
dokunuwunu=>dokunuşunu
sonmezin=>sönmez'in
onlr=>onlar
felseye=>felsefe
tutanacak=>tutunacak
bitermi=>biter mi
sipastik=>spastik
unutuorum=>unutuyorum
yapicak=>yapacak
nesile=>nesine
nesile=>nesine
gazzetesinde=>gazetesinde
Trabzondaki=>Trabzon'daki
nekadar=>ne kadar
awizeye=>avizeye
werirsin=>verirsin
birkez=>bir kez
nasl=>nasıl
gidiyoo=>gidiyor
sokk=>sok
olamaaz=>olamaz
gidiyosun=>gidiyorsun
Cihaat=>Cihat
deil=>değil
atiyo=>atiye
kovvboyum=>kovboyum
gelp=>gelip
oluyodur=>oluyordur
Yineher=>Yine Her
ahaha=>haha
kitablar=>kitaplar
Qepiyi=>Hepiyi
bnce=>bence
soruyosun=>soruyorsun
etkileyicydi=>etkileyiciydi
kitablar=>kitaplar
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
sahilyolu'na=>sahil yoluna
bozulduki=>bozulduk
ahaha=>haha
SK=>SSK
birkez=>bir kez
habeer=>haber
dostlaar=>dostlar
veriyolar=>veriyorlar
eksk=>eksik
gidioruz=>gidiyoruz
sakladm=>sakladım
oluyosun=>oluyorsun
diet=>diyet
benmiyim=>ben miyim
izledinmi=>izledin mi
ilkkez=>ilk kez
artislik=>artistik
dinliyoyum=>dinliyorum
edicek=>edecek
varki=>var ki
nerde=>nerede
ahaha=>haha
Annenmi=>Annen Mi
oluyosun=>oluyorsun
mebla=>meblağ
suzuz=>susuz
geldiki=>geldi ki
istiyarum=>istiyorum
birdaha=>bir daha
yeemekte=>yemekte
progrm=>program
ilaci=>ilahi
yanyana=>yan yana
nerdeydi=>neredeydi
zamn=>zaman
olamz=>olamaz
nekadar=>ne kadar
yaptysam=>yaptıysam
yaptm=>yaptım
soracaktm=>soracaktım
haaha=>haha
bzde=>bizde
malesef=>maalesef
atiyo=>atiye
unutulmaaz=>unutulmaz
beniim=>benim
ZeZa=>CeZa
Tripsiz=>Tipsiz
suzuz=>susuz
prezarvatif=>prezervatif
sisdeydik=>sisteydik
istiyosam=>istiyorsam
istiyosam=>istiyorsam
samimiyetsz=>samimiyetsiz
varr=>var
gai=>gazi
lihaz=>cihaz
heralde=>herhalde
yiyolar=>yiyorlar
seviyoruum=>seviyorum
beniim=>benim
susuyoorum=>susuyorum
aciyip=>acayip
bukadar=>bu kadar
olabilirmi=>olabilir mi
diorum=>diyorum
yemnle=>yeminle
seviyosan=>seviyorsan
sevdm=>sevdim
gidecektm=>gidecektim
deil=>değil
Tesselli=>Teselli
spr=>spor
bahsediyodum=>bahsediyordum
biraksam=>bir aksam
polismi=>polis mi
eylenceli=>eğlenceli
diyebilcek=>diyebilecek
canodur=>can odur
saaatlerce=>saatlerce
hepberaber=>hep beraber
yeticek=>yetecek
diyince=>deyince
yokoldum=>yok oldum
nekadar=>ne kadar
haketmeyi=>hak etmeyi
Acitasyonla=>Ajitasyonla
biliyosun=>biliyorsun
pisliksinSana=>pisliksin Sana
nezaman=>ne zaman