yetnmez=>yetmez
birkerede=>bir kerede
dinliyebilirim=>dinleyebilirim
bilesinki=>bilesin ki
diorum=>diyorum
birbirimizee=>birbirimize
giciktin=>geciktin
edebilcek=>edebilecek
geliyorki=>geliyor ki
Deymedi=>Değmedi
mesteden=>mest eden
diyebiliyosun=>diyebiliyorsun
yerimlan=>yerim lan
itibariyla=>itibariyle
bilmemne=>bilmem ne
zirlamaya=>zorlamaya
inkisi=>incisi
dedm=>dedem
istoyoruz=>istiyoruz
geliyosun=>geliyorsun
hareketlermden=>hareketlerimden
bukadar=>bu kadar
tedarigi=>tedariki
soruyosun=>soruyorsun
biryer=>bir yer
kendmize=>kendimize
sewerim=>severim
kolleksiyonuyla=>koleksiyonuyla
TRTye=>TRT'ye
hhaha=>haha
sndi=>sindi
haftasonuna=>hafta sonuna
anlamadm=>anlamadım
zurnamiyim=>zurna miyim
haftasonun=>hafta sonun
kalorufere=>kalorifere
dinliyip=>dinleyip
Uyandm=>Uyandım
ayfonumuz=>afyonumuz
heralde=>herhalde
iddalar=>iddialar
nekadara=>ne kadara
nezaman=>ne zaman
heralde=>herhalde
verebilcek=>verebilecek
zurnamiyim=>zurna miyim
Hersabah=>Her Sabah
yapicak=>yapacak
diyoruum=>diyorum
maduruyum=>mağduruyum
ciddiles=>ciddiler
dersaneye=>dershaneye
dinlemekteyimm=>dinlemekteyim
heryer=>her yer
hakediyoruz=>hak ediyoruz
dilberay=>dilber ay
telofonun=>telefonun
kalksammi=>kalksam mi
yapicak=>yapacak
kalksammi=>kalksam mi
kusfobisi=>kus fobisi
birkerede=>bir kerede
yeteneksizimm=>yeteneksizim
yeteneksizimm=>yeteneksizim
Alalm=>Alalım
MEBb=>MEB
Candar'in=>Candar In
duyururmusunuz=>duyurur musunuz
ahaha=>haha
ahaha=>haha
hersabah=>her sabah
sisiresim=>sisi resim
Alalm=>Alalım
ahaha=>haha
HalilSezai=>Halil Sezai
uyuyormu=>uyuyor mu
uyuyormu=>uyuyor mu
etmessin=>etmezsin
Sabahgelirken=>Sabah Gelirken
bilmemne=>bilmem ne
eziklerr=>ezikler
andir=>indir
arasnda=>arasında
dinlediktn=>dinledikten
Heryerde=>Her Yerde
ahaha=>haha
ahaha=>haha
somurtani=>somurtan
olHadi=>ol Hadi
seviyolar=>seviyorlar
seviyosunuzdur=>seviyorsunuzdur
istiyosunuz=>istiyorsunuz
yapicak=>yapacak
insanlardanSadece=>insanlardan Sadece
giriyosun=>giriyorsun
biliyodur=>biliyordur
diorum=>diyorum
varki=>var ki
biliyodum=>biliyorum
heralde=>herhalde
anlamadm=>anlamadım
varki=>var ki
dinliyip=>dinleyip
raporunuda=>raporunda
bilmemne=>bilmem ne
almanyada=>almanya'da
sinav'a=>simav'a
seviyorm=>seviyorum
sohretidir=>sohbetidir
nmekan=>mekan
antalyada=>antalya'da
dominantsiniz=>dominant siniz
varki=>var ki
askolsun=>ask olsun
seviniyodum=>seviniyordum
anlatbilirdin=>anlatabilirdin
anlatbilirdin=>anlatabilirdin
telefonna=>telefona
ediyolar=>ediyorlar
dakkada=>dakikada
nekadar=>ne kadar
ediyolar=>ediyorlar
beklerkn=>beklerken
miyizz=>miyiz
olduwunu=>olduğunu
Guney'in=>Güneyin
edicek=>edecek
yapyorum=>yapıyorum
gderken=>giderken
demektiir=>demektir
giriyoduk=>giriyorduk
gelsiin=>gelsin
dinletiyolar=>dinletiyorlar
lubnanda=>lübnan'da
hissediyodum=>hissediyordum
etmeyeliim=>etmeyelim
haftasonuna=>hafta sonuna
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
uyuyolar=>uyuyorlar
kolleksiyonuyla=>koleksiyonuyla
hersabah=>her sabah
gidiyosun=>gidiyorsun
Edaletle=>Adaletle
yapicak=>yapacak
Sakaryada=>Sakarya'da
Ordaki=>Oradaki
varki=>var ki
olabilirki=>olabilir ki
diyolar=>diyorlar
uyukluyosun=>uyukluyorsun
korkuyorm=>korkuyorum
canyavuz=>can yavuz
diyoo=>diyor
bakicak=>bakacak
fliminde=>filminde
fliminde=>filminde
cinsieytiyle=>cinsiyetiyle
yoruyosun=>yoruyorsun
kolleksiyonuyla=>koleksiyonuyla
uyukluyosun=>uyukluyorsun
yiyolar=>yiyorlar
geliyorusun=>geliyorsun
Gazetecimisiniz=>Gazeteci Misiniz
heralde=>herhalde
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
aydedeye=>ay dedeye
teyzisi=>teyzesi
deliririken=>delirirken
bozulmasn=>bozulmasın
demekki=>demek ki
yetior=>yetiyor
bukadar=>bu kadar
hayatmda=>hayatımda
hergece=>her gece
diyorumki=>diyorum ki
sebebsin=>sebepsin
hallolucak=>hallolacak
numaradn=>numaradan
duruyolr=>duruyor
neblm=>nebim
telefnda=>telefonda
avantajmi=>avantaj mi
askm=>askım
gidiorum=>gidiyorum
inliyodu=>inliyordu
korkuorum=>korkuyorum
gelsiin=>gelsin
itibariyla=>itibariyle
uyuyuun=>uyuyun
diyorumki=>diyorum ki
Biktirdiniz=>Bitirdiniz
bahsediyorsunz=>bahsediyorsunuz
inkinden=>linkinden
yapalm=>yapalım
amerikada=>amerika'da
anlaamam=>anlatamam
yawrum=>yavrum
olrsa=>olursa
heralde=>herhalde
ediyim=>edeyim
polomiklere=>polemiklere
Amerikada=>Amerika'da
anlatyor=>anlatıyor
semeyenlere=>sevmeyenlere
solbek=>sol bek
dereindesin=>derindesin
istiyorz=>istiyoruz
fiziktedavi=>fizik tedavi
deildi=>değildi
oparalar=>operalar
oparalar=>operalar
okutmansin=>okutman sin
yoktr=>yoktur
malael=>mala el
salllarken=>sallarken
koraan=>koran
olabilirmi=>olabilir mi
haketmedik=>hak etmedik
heryerim=>her yerim
ekipine=>ekibine
istersemm=>istersem
birtanesin=>bir tanesin
iyiyidi=>iyiydi
dilerimki=>dilerim ki
herdaim=>her daim
mutlugu=>mutlulu
biliyosun=>biliyorsun
eminimki=>eminim ki
geldiki=>geldi ki
konusurda=>konusunda
binlira=>bin lira
sorcak=>soracak
mrkezinde=>merkezinde
merdiwenleri=>merdivenleri
diyosun=>diyorsun
hergece=>her gece
kantnde=>kantinde
Unutttun=>Unuttun
satte=>saatte
karasi=>karesi
varki=>var ki
heran=>her an
karasi=>karesi
karasi=>karesi
hocaa=>hocan
Dierleri=>Diğerleri
azndan=>azından
Trabzonda=>Trabzon'da
seviyoruzz=>seviyoruz
zaafmis=>zaaf mis
yapcak=>yapacak
cisimi=>cismi
olmuyormu=>olmuyor mu
kabimi=>kalbimi
heralde=>herhalde
karasi=>karesi
fikir'in=>fikir in
hepmi=>hep mi
giyinmisin=>giyinmişsin
HOLLANDADA=>HOLLANDA'DA
fikir'in=>fikir in
heralde=>herhalde
herzaman=>her zaman
baslaycak=>baslayacak
diyosun=>diyorsun
butarafa=>bu tarafa
heralde=>herhalde
Italyada=>İtalya'da
diyosun=>diyorsun
syleyecek=>söyleyecek
dalgami=>dalga mi
bilesinki=>bilesin ki
istiyoruum=>istiyorum
diyolar=>diyorlar
avrupada=>avrupa'da
telfonuna=>telefonuna
antremanda=>antrenmanda
adamdanBahsedilerek=>adamdan Bahsedilerek
konyroller=>kontroller
yerdeyok=>yerde yok
istiyosa=>istiyorsa
geldiki=>geldi ki
heralde=>herhalde
okutmansin=>okutman sin
uyudkk=>uyuduk
menzunu=>mezunu
varki=>var ki
varolan=>var olan
heralde=>herhalde
gelsiin=>gelsin
muhaliflrin=>muhaliflerin
ahaha=>haha
gelmeyelm=>gelmeyelim
kelimelert=>kelimeler
kalkamadm=>kalkamadım
gidemedm=>gidemedim
benzetemesim=>benzetemedim
yapicak=>yapacak
katilsam=>katil sam
bekliyoruuz=>bekliyoruz
gidemessin=>gidemezsin
eziyetin'denir=>eziyetin denir
bekliyorz=>bekliyoruz
ferudun=>feridun
AvAbdullah=>Av Abdullah
biliyosa=>biliyorsa
meselerini=>memelerini
herzaman=>her zaman
deilde=>değilde
iddalara=>iddialara
abartmayalm=>abartmayalım
dinledm=>dinledim
edeblse=>edebilse
dersaneye=>dershaneye
marmaraya=>marmara'ya
olamadk=>olamadık
Birligi'ndeyiz=>Birliğindeyiz
dipkuyudan=>dip kuyudan
affetirebilirsin=>affettirebilirsin
veriyolar=>veriyorlar
derlerya=>derler ya
mazoistiz=>mazoşistiz
mazoistiz=>mazoşistiz
yemessem=>yemezsem
ordakiler=>oradakiler
Trabzonda=>Trabzon'da
ahaha=>haha
martda=>mart da
izleenir=>izlenir
caniisiniz=>canimsiniz
okuyorm=>okuyorum
derlerya=>derler ya
zeynepp=>zeynep
bilmemne=>bilmem ne
heralde=>herhalde
kibirlimisiniz=>kibirli misiniz
SiyahBeyaz=>Siyah Beyaz
hayasizim=>hayalsizim
oluorum=>oluyorum
antropozlu=>andropozlu
ahaha=>haha
LigTV=>Lig TV
yapiabiliyor=>yapabiliyor
hissetmelr=>hissetmeler
geliyosunuz=>geliyorsunuz
heralde=>herhalde
herkezi=>herkesi
biyana=>viyana
kapatmakmis=>kapatmak mis
yanyana=>yan yana
istiyorm=>istiyorum
istiyosun=>istiyorsun
bilmemne=>bilmem ne
oluyosun=>oluyorsun
hissetirip=>hissettirip
dierlerinin=>diğerlerinin
edeceksn=>edeceksin
banain=>bana in
Askolsun=>Ask Olsun
bilmemne=>bilmem ne
halsizlikk=>halsizlik
kurtaricak=>kurtaracak
safmisiniz=>saf misiniz
bilmemne=>bilmem ne
wekilim=>vekilim
SK=>SSK
Anlatabiliyormuyum=>Anlatabiliyor Muyum
ahaha=>haha
demekki=>demek ki
ahaha=>haha
yedimmi=>yedim mi
mtluyum=>mutluyum
ettinki=>ettin ki
sorucak=>soracak
ediorum=>ediyorum
demekki=>demek ki
yapoyorsun=>yapıyorsun
dirdiriniz=>dindiriniz
istiyosa=>istiyorsa
Hediyyeli=>Hediyeli
nekadar=>ne kadar
sandalyelr=>sandalyeler
biliyordm=>biliyordum
gidiorum=>gidiyorum
tayfurun=>tayfur'un
heralde=>herhalde
yormunuz=>yorumunuz
bebeem=>bebem
bilmemne=>bilmem ne
yazsn=>yazsın
Herzaman=>Her Zaman
kehta=>kahta
derrslerini=>derslerini
gidermisiniz=>gider misiniz
evlenebilicek=>evlenebilecek
vericeksin=>vereceksin
ezgleri=>ezgileri
demekki=>demek ki
caniim=>canim
kmseyi=>kimseyi
heralde=>herhalde
marsmi=>mars mi
sahibiim=>sahibim
unutucak=>unutacak
durtsun=>dursun
gidiyoruuz=>gidiyoruz
sebeblerini=>sebeplerini
istiyosan=>istiyorsan
seviorum=>seviyorum
mutluyuzki=>mutluyuz ki
SK=>SSK
arasnda=>arasında
Trabzonu=>Trabzon'u
alperr=>alper
hepberaber=>hep beraber
diyince=>deyince
insanlarn=>insanların
mutluyuzki=>mutluyuz ki
ewleniyorum=>evleniyorum
sinirliyimki=>sinirliyim ki
diyince=>deyince
diyince=>deyince
diyince=>deyince
kotuniyetle=>kotu niyetle
durtsun=>dursun
enerjikim=>enerjiğim
dyunca=>oyunca
heralde=>herhalde
ahaha=>haha
galibeyete=>galibiyete
tapemiz=>tepemiz
heryerde=>her yerde
bilmemne=>bilmem ne
izliyorm=>izliyorum
kalp'de=>kalp de
silinicek=>silinecek
kotuniyetle=>kotu niyetle
gecikiorsun=>gecikiyorsun
oterler=>oteller
elimzde=>elimizde
yerdemi=>yerde mi
heralde=>herhalde
Hayatlarnda=>Hayatlarında
insanlarn=>insanların
hapise=>hapse
dokesim=>do kesim
tvyi=>tv'yi
heralde=>herhalde
odulum=>ordulum
oterler=>oteller
gayriresmi=>gayri resmi
delilvar=>delil var
bekliorum=>bekliyorum
yoruyoo=>yoruyor
delilvar=>delil var
heralde=>herhalde
Enbuyuk=>En Buyuk
nezaman=>ne zaman
Fransaya=>Fransa'ya
varki=>var ki
ahaha=>haha
diyolar=>diyorlar
Trabzonun=>Trabzon'un
yapicak=>yapacak
bseyi=>beyi
bulunuyosun=>bulunuyorsun
edermi=>eder mi
sewerim=>severim
seviyosunuz=>seviyorsunuz
seramonisine=>seremonisine
iddaanamenin=>iddianamenin
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
diorum=>diyorum
yencek=>yenecek
Dersanedeki=>Dershanedeki
yokmu=>yok mu
pesde=>pes de
gidiyosun=>gidiyorsun
Bilsemki=>Bilsem Ki
ediyosan=>ediyorsan
sewgilim=>sevgilim
koyduum=>koydum
memlunum=>memnunum
demekki=>demek ki
nezaman=>ne zaman
geliriim=>gelirim
bolbol=>bol bol
varki=>var ki
galatasary=>galatasaray
herzaman=>her zaman
nezaman=>ne zaman
trabzonun=>trabzon'un
heryer=>her yer
ortaalanda=>orta alanda
geliyorr=>geliyor
trabzonu=>trabzon'u
okuyorumki=>okuyorum ki
smdi=>simdi
varki=>var ki
korkuyormm=>korkuyorum
ikitane=>iki tane
derhaneye=>dershaneye
alicaklar=>alacaklar
hollandaya=>hollanda'ya
evleniyoruzz=>evleniyoruz
derimont=>deri mont
haftasonun=>hafta sonun
diorum=>diyorum
dioruz=>diyoruz
Birbirmize=>Birbirimize
birtek=>bir tek
ediyolar=>ediyorlar
gidiyolar=>gidiyorlar
istiyosunuz=>istiyorsunuz
trabzonu=>trabzon'u
sovmeseler=>sevmeseler
Birbirimze=>Birbirimize
ahaha=>haha
varki=>var ki
ahaha=>haha
dakkada=>dakikada
ahaha=>haha
karekterimle=>karakterimle
ediyoruzz=>ediyoruz
annim=>annem
bildiin=>bildiğin
ssevenlerse=>sevenlerse
sonsuzadek=>sonsuza dek
dersanedeki=>dershanedeki
LigTV'de=>Lig TV'de
ahaha=>haha
istiyorm=>istiyorum
ahaha=>haha
oyalasn=>oyalan
Trabzonun=>Trabzon'un
ediceksin=>edeceksin
dizilerirn=>dizilerin
yazdm=>yazdım
trabzonun=>trabzon'un
yiyebilirimm=>yiyebilirim
dialoglar=>diyaloglar
haftasonuna=>hafta sonuna
yapicak=>yapacak
yoruyosun=>yoruyorsun
Koydukmu=>Koyduk Mu
diyolar=>diyorlar
bukadar=>bu kadar
olamazki=>olamaz ki
arkalarnda=>arkalarında
seyle=>söyle
diyosun=>diyorsun
dersaneye=>dershaneye
farketmeyen=>fark etmeyen
gelmesineneden=>gelmesine neden
olark=>olarak
oynuyosunuz=>oynuyorsunuz
netceye=>neticeye
yendkk=>yendik
heralde=>herhalde
elenicek=>elenecek
izele=>izle
goydun=>koydun
yapicak=>yapacak
hepinizz=>hepiniz
telkinmi=>telkin mi
heryerde=>her yerde
bugece=>bu gece
Bukadar=>Bu Kadar
birazdaha=>biraz daha
seviyosun=>seviyorsun
golude=>golde
yapcak=>yapacak
heralde=>herhalde
yenilicek=>yenilecek
verebiiirdim=>verebilirdim
birtek=>bir tek
ahaha=>haha
nezaman=>ne zaman
Onur_bu=>Onur Bu
bekledm=>bekledim
deyerdi=>değerdi
anlamadm=>anlamadım
konucak=>konacak
yutturucak=>yutturacak
nezaman=>ne zaman
diyolar=>diyorlar
dioorum=>diyorum
haftadr=>haftadır
trabzonun=>trabzon'un
kaldm=>kaldım
diyosun=>diyorsun
sansiz=>sensiz
olabilrim=>olabilirim
dinleyesm=>dinleyesim
Yegen'im=>Yeğenim
dinleyesm=>dinleyesim
deniyerek=>deneyerek
edicek=>edecek
dayancak=>dayanacak
Dediyin=>Dediğin
Dediyin=>Dediğin
teselileri=>tesellileri
veriyolar=>veriyorlar
uyiyim=>iyiyim
varki=>var ki
ettn=>ettin
oynmuyor=>oynuyor
Benki=>Ben Ki
gidicek=>gidecek
heralde=>herhalde
dakikalra=>dakikalar
ediyosun=>ediyorsun
herbirini=>her birini
olunmazki=>olunmaz ki
yazmisiniz=>yaz misiniz
diyormuyum=>diyor muyum
rastlamadm=>rastlamadım
saatden=>saatten
seviyosun=>seviyorsun
tebrkler=>tebrikler
Kuran'i=>Kuran I
zamanlwr=>zamanlar
neyapmaya=>ne yapmaya
yapmaktn=>yapmaktan
Osmanli'yi=>Osmanlıyı
beklemekteyimm=>beklemekteyim
heryerden=>her yerden
diyorm=>diyorum
sk=>ssk
gidilicekse=>gidilecekse
Eglenesim=>Eylenesim
oyundamiydi=>oyunda miydi
tapenin=>tepenin
yattm=>yattım
birzamanlar=>bir zamanlar
ortasaha=>orta saha
cinsellilten=>cinsellikten
heralde=>herhalde
affedicek=>affedecek
insansn=>insansın
Allahtan=>Allah'tan
yuvamz=>yuvamız
evimz=>evimiz
evimz=>evimiz
demekki=>demek ki
havami=>hava mi
memnunki=>memnun ki
yetmezmi=>yetmez mi
dakkaya=>dakikaya
herzaman=>her zaman
heryerde=>her yerde
ediceksin=>edeceksin
seviniyodum=>seviniyordum
yapicak=>yapacak
herzaman=>her zaman
heryerde=>her yerde
bekliorum=>bekliyorum
durumdaym=>durumdayım
Yokki=>Yok Ki
herzaman=>her zaman
nekadar=>ne kadar
herzaman=>her zaman
heryerde=>her yerde
koreye=>kore'ye
gidiyodum=>gidiyorum
heralde=>herhalde
olabiliyosunuz=>olabiliyorsunuz
herzaman=>her zaman
bakmiyanlar=>bakmayanlar
liydim=>leydim
versyonu=>versiyonu
versyonu=>versiyonu
sonsuzadek=>sonsuza dek
Haftasonuna=>Hafta Sonuna
yokki=>yok ki
geliceksiniz=>geleceksiniz
istedm=>istedim
diyodur=>diyordur
heralde=>herhalde
heralde=>herhalde
smdi=>simdi
seyrettinmi=>seyrettin mi
bakym=>bakim
finlandiyaya=>finlandiya'ya
benmiyim=>ben miyim
getirdiklrimi=>getirdiklerimi
oynayabilirdii=>oynayabilirdi
dakikalarr=>dakikalar
nekadar=>ne kadar
andir=>indir
takimmiydi=>takim miydi
durduu=>durdulu
geliyosunuz=>geliyorsunuz
Gidicek=>Gidecek
dinliyen=>dinleyen
Tevrikler=>Tebrikler
diyoruum=>diyorum
sizlk=>silk
geliceksiniz=>geleceksiniz
Tavuk'musunuz=>Tavuk Musunuz
heralde=>herhalde
uefaya=>uefa'ya
baktm=>baktım
eskidimmi=>eskidim mi
bahsediyolar=>bahsediyorlar
seviniyolar=>seviniyorlar
inebilirmiyim=>inebilir miyim
iiydi=>iyiydi
deildi=>değildi
kirizi=>krizi
teksey=>teksen
teksey=>teksen
sezonuu=>sezonun
heryere=>her yere
tebrkler=>tebrikler
veriyorm=>veriyorum
yapicak=>yapacak
korkuyoruum=>korkuyorum
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
Haftasonu=>Hafta Sonu
olabilirki=>olabilir ki
olark=>olarak
meveler=>meyveler
sevemessin=>sevemezsin
gulunuyor=>bulunuyor
duyuyormusun=>duyuyor musun
yokolma=>yok olma
havami=>hava mi
ahaha=>haha
iyidi=>iyiydi
mahkemesne=>mahkemesine
birkez=>bir kez
yokmu=>yok mu
gallbiyeti=>galibiyeti
yapabilirmi=>yapabilir mi
biliyodum=>biliyorum
varki=>var ki
duyuyormusun=>duyuyor musun
sansizlik=>sensizlik
sansizlik=>sensizlik
mutluyuum=>mutluyum
diyosun=>diyorsun
benziyen=>benzeyen
varki=>var ki
bagyanla=>bayanla
vaybe=>vay be
memmunum=>memnunum
iiydi=>iyiydi
yiyosun=>yiyorsun
gidiyosunuz=>gidiyorsunuz
grurdur=>gururdur
bukadar=>bu kadar
AkPartiye=>Ak Partiye
martda=>mart da
bulabilirmiyim=>bulabilir miyim
ordaki=>oradaki
LAYLALAYLA=>LAYLA LAYLA
uUnca=>hUnca
ekliyosunuz=>ekliyorsunuz
anliyabiliyorum=>anlayabiliyorum
alimefendi=>alim efendi
durdm=>durdum
izlemedm=>izlemedim
kalbmi=>kalbimi
kirdinki=>kirdin ki
kalbmi=>kalbimi
kirdinki=>kirdin ki
havalrda=>havalarda
beklniyor=>bekleniyor
yokmu=>yok mu
sezainin=>sezai'nin
nekadar=>ne kadar
bahsedebilr=>bahsedebilir
geliyosun=>geliyorsun
anlatabildimmi=>anlatabildim mi
ikgisi=>ilgisi
verirligi=>verir ligi
donuorum=>donuyorum
gelecekmi=>gelecek mi
diyroum=>diyorum
diyroum=>diyorum
kazanmisin=>kazan misin
yanyana=>yan yana
ahaha=>haha
nerdeydi=>neredeydi
AkPartiye=>Ak Partiye
gidioruz=>gidiyoruz
kazanmisin=>kazan misin
Durdurak=>Dur Durak
iclerimiz=>illerimiz
denicek=>denecek
neyaparsan=>ne yaparsan
bizmi=>biz mi
hayatmi=>hayat mi
gidicek=>gidecek
fetihi=>fethi
aldm=>aldım
gidermisin=>gider misin
soguyorsunuz=>sokuyorsunuz
saatmi=>saat mi
azizsporcu=>aziz sporcu
heralde=>herhalde
bunlrla=>bunlarla
rusyada=>rusya'da
sahibimm=>sahibim
gderim=>giderim
bebeem=>bebem
kazanmisin=>kazan misin
trabzonun=>trabzon'un
tekkifimiz=>teklifimiz
anladm=>anladım
edermi=>eder mi
giniyorum=>gidiyorum
bitireblmektedir=>bitirebilmektedir
bekleriim=>beklerim
benmiyim=>ben miyim
ekseyecek=>ekleyecek
bitireblmektedir=>bitirebilmektedir
oluyosunuz=>oluyorsunuz
Allah'im=>Allahım
ekskti=>eksikti
Iremle=>Remle
makarnasever=>makarna sever
bilemedikki=>bilemedik ki
NefretimsinGalatasaray=>Nefretimsin Galatasaray
kendimemi=>kendime mi
mahliklar=>mahluklar
diyosun=>diyorsun
hakedeni=>hak edeni
ahaha=>haha
YOKMU=>YOK MU
drsem=>dersem
iddanamede=>iddianamede
diyorsuun=>diyorsun
annam=>annem
trabzonda=>trabzon'da
diyosunuz=>diyorsunuz
evleniyodu=>evleniyordu
varki=>var ki
atanmisin=>atan misin
olunucak=>olunacak
ablacm=>ablam
giremeynler=>giremeyenler
nezaman=>ne zaman
bekliyorz=>bekliyoruz
hallediyim=>halledeyim
versinli=>mersinli
allahtan=>allah'tan
Ulkerden=>Ülker'den
Galatasaray'imizin=>Galatasarayımızın
yokmu=>yok mu
diyorumki=>diyorum ki
heralde=>herhalde
olrsa=>olursa
nerdeydi=>neredeydi
uyuyamadm=>uyuyamadım
sevioruz=>seviyoruz
allahtan=>allah'tan
AKPye=>AKP ye
heralde=>herhalde
bekletiyolar=>bekletiyorlar
oturalm=>oturalım
oldulan=>oldu lan
sewgilimin=>sevgilimin
kapmisiniz=>kap misiniz
istiyosun=>istiyorsun
Resadiye'li=>Reşadiyeli
senigidi=>seni gidi
seyle=>söyle
okuyosun=>okuyorsun
biliyormu=>biliyor mu
allaha=>allah'a
korkarr=>korkar
derslerm=>derslerim
sennle=>seninle
wuran=>vuran
edepliydide=>edepliydi de
birkez=>bir kez
yokmu=>yok mu
Duydumki=>Duydum Ki
edebilirmi=>edebilir mi
Bozarmi=>Bozar Mi
bitdim=>bittim
deilde=>değilde
pskolojideyim=>psikolojideyim
olmasn=>olmasın
edemessin=>edemezsin
basitmiydi=>basit miydi
anamuhalefet=>ana muhalefet
heralde=>herhalde
birdaha=>bir daha
oluyosun=>oluyorsun
olmazki=>olmaz ki
hadsizlikmis=>hadsizlik mis
telefnumun=>telefonumun
varolmayan=>var olmayan
okuyosunuz=>okuyorsunuz
Amerikada=>Amerika'da
uyuyosundur=>uyuyorsundur
demekki=>demek ki
uefada=>uefa'da
ediorum=>ediyorum
yapabiliyormusun=>yapabiliyor musun
yapicak=>yapacak
bildiirinceye=>bildirinceye
Kendikendine=>Kendi Kendine
heralde=>herhalde
biliyormu=>biliyor mu
bildiirinceye=>bildirinceye
veriyolar=>veriyorlar
AkPartiye=>Ak Partiye
sevdm=>sevdim
sevdm=>sevdim
ediyim=>edeyim
sevdm=>sevdim
iyydi=>iyiydi
diemem=>diyemem
bilirmi=>bilir mi
demektirki=>demektir ki
sohrettir=>sohbettir
yokmu=>yok mu
etmye=>etmeye
smdi=>simdi
balturp=>bal turp
uyuyorm=>uyuyorum
neyei=>neyi
vahiymi=>vahiy mi
sevdm=>sevdim
diyorm=>diyorum
yaptm=>yaptım
smdi=>simdi
piskolojileri=>psikolojileri
olablirim=>olabilirim
kurtalar=>kurtlar
ahaha=>haha
herkezi=>herkesi
gulunuyor=>bulunuyor
uyuruzz=>uyuruz
stadta=>statta
sinrlendiren=>sinirlendiren
herzaman=>her zaman
sewerdim=>severdim
varki=>var ki
aksoyun=>aksoy'un
stadta=>statta
istrsen=>istersen
okulada=>okulda
biriktrip=>biriktirip
hepberaber=>hep beraber
yiyosunuz=>yiyorsunuz
stadta=>statta
heralde=>herhalde
GDragon=>G Dragon
bekleytik=>beklettik
olabilirki=>olabilir ki
Susuyosa=>Susuyorsa
neresnden=>neresinden
stadta=>statta
uefadan=>uefa'dan
ediyorm=>ediyorum
nedenlerdn=>nedenlerden
ediyolar=>ediyorlar
oluyosun=>oluyorsun
nedenlerdn=>nedenlerden
askolsun=>ask olsun
izlioruz=>izliyoruz
oluyosa=>oluyorsa
nedenlerdn=>nedenlerden
stadta=>statta
deysin=>değsin
Deymesin=>Değmesin
ahaha=>haha
ediyorm=>ediyorum
yolluyorrum=>yolluyorum
tatillerr=>tatiller
edilebilrdi=>edilebilirdi
hakettiklerim=>hak ettiklerim
nedenlerdn=>nedenlerden
hepbirlikte=>hep birlikte
stadta=>statta
katledilebilirmis=>katledilebilir mis
kadermiz=>kaderimiz
basdan=>bastan
uefaya=>uefa'ya
trabzonda=>trabzon'da
gomsulara=>komsulara
Herkeze=>Herkese
Fimini=>Filmini
allahtan=>allah'tan
Tammama=>Tamama
nedenlerdn=>nedenlerden
biyana=>viyana
varki=>var ki
parkedecek=>park edecek
Allah'im=>Allahım
heralde=>herhalde
zirlamalar=>zorlamalar
gidicek=>gidecek
gikmekte=>gitmekte
allahtan=>allah'tan
gidicek=>gidecek
erkn=>erkan
uyanrsam=>uyanırsam
gelebiliir=>gelebilir
nedenlerdn=>nedenlerden
ediyorm=>ediyorum
stadta=>statta
KanalD=>Kanal D
getiediklerinden=>getirdiklerinden
bilyior=>biliyor
yerindemi=>yerinde mi
heralde=>herhalde
nedenlerdn=>nedenlerden
izleseydm=>izleseydim
olurdm=>olurdum
nedenlerdn=>nedenlerden
varolan=>var olan
annm=>annem
ediyim=>edeyim
herzaman=>her zaman
rolnde=>rolünde
Bugece=>Bu Gece
hangisne=>hangisine
wapuru=>vapuru
giderki=>gider ki
nedenlerdn=>nedenlerden
diyosun=>diyorsun
aciimi=>acilimi
nedenlerdn=>nedenlerden
ahaha=>haha
edicek=>edecek
biterbitmez=>biter bitmez
Herzaman=>Her Zaman
edilcek=>edilecek
gidiyosun=>gidiyorsun
yeterki=>yeter ki
stadta=>statta
senlikl=>senlik
komplekslimidir=>kompleksli midir
sesleniorum=>sesleniyorum
giyerm=>giyerim
isterimki=>isterim ki
hangisne=>hangisine
ediorum=>ediyorum
herzaman=>her zaman
heryerde=>her yerde
Sevilmezmi=>Sevilmez Mi
isterimki=>isterim ki
nedenlerdn=>nedenlerden
varki=>var ki
heralde=>herhalde
ahaha=>haha
birkez=>bir kez
herkesden=>herkesten
herkesee=>herkese
bebeyiyle=>bebeğiyle
garsonanneyle=>garson anneyle
Yalanmi=>Yalan Mi
olmakdan=>olmaktan
enaz=>en az
demekki=>demek ki
hergece=>her gece
oluyosan=>oluyorsan
olmakdan=>olmaktan
yokmu=>yok mu
birkez=>bir kez
heryerde=>her yerde
stadta=>statta
allahtan=>allah'tan
bilirmisin=>bilir misin
yapsaydm=>yapsaydım
nedenlerdn=>nedenlerden
basitlrle=>basitlerle
heralde=>herhalde
gidioruz=>gidiyoruz
goriiim=>gorilim
izliorum=>izliyorum
demekki=>demek ki
izlnemesi=>izlenmesi
heralde=>herhalde
Zannettiricek=>Zannettirecek
hayvnlar=>hayvanlar
iyigeceler=>iyi geceler
ablaam=>ablam
durabiliyosan=>durabiliyorsan
thw=>thy
bakBiz=>bak Biz
stadta=>statta
erzurumda=>erzurum'da
dedm=>dedem
nedenlerdn=>nedenlerden
Trabzonu=>Trabzon'u
Allahtan=>Allah'tan
Allahtan=>Allah'tan
gidioruz=>gidiyoruz
stadta=>statta
nedenlerdn=>nedenlerden
dakkada=>dakikada
korkulurmu=>korkulur mu
vardr=>vardır
gibidr=>gibidir
askm=>askım
olmadn=>olmadan
gnlerin=>günlerin
yalanmi=>yalan mi
hergece=>her gece
oluyosunuz=>oluyorsunuz
unutamz=>unutmaz
kendn=>kendin
antremanlar=>antrenmanlar
nedenlerdn=>nedenlerden
diyorm=>diyorum
kendme=>kendime
stadta=>statta
iyigeceler=>iyi geceler
stadta=>statta
nedenlerdn=>nedenlerden
heryerden=>her yerden
iddadan=>iddiadan
biliorum=>biliyorum
liydim=>leydim
uyuyosun=>uyuyorsun
edrken=>ederken
edasna=>edana
nedenlerdn=>nedenlerden
birdaha=>bir daha
senlikl=>senlik
veriyormusun=>veriyor musun
biliyormuydunuz=>biliyor muydunuz
stadta=>statta
veriyormusun=>veriyor musun
bilmiyormusun=>bilmiyor musun
veriyormusun=>veriyor musun
rekreasyonmudur=>rekreasyon mudur
btti=>bitti
halisaha=>hali saha
stadta=>statta
nedenlerdn=>nedenlerden
sewgilimle=>sevgilimle
ewliyiz=>evliyiz
beslediyin=>beslediğin
nedenlerdn=>nedenlerden
pofliyarak=>poflayarak
nedenlerdn=>nedenlerden
ortakahve=>orta kahve
heralde=>herhalde
bitireck=>bitirecek
surerler=>sureler
allahtan=>allah'tan
diyosun=>diyorsun
affetmz=>affetmez
kndisi=>kendisi
gibidr=>gibidir
bekliyolar=>bekliyorlar
koydm=>koydum
deysin=>değsin
gydiniz=>giydiniz
elbiselerinze=>elbiselerinize
unuttm=>unuttum
biliyosa=>biliyorsa
unuttm=>unuttum
olursunz=>olursunuz
mikrofpnun=>mikrofonun
ahaha=>haha
burdalar=>buradalar
Haftasonuna=>Hafta Sonuna
iiydi=>iyiydi
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
izletiyolar=>izletiyorlar
sesleniyorm=>sesleniyorum
birbilseniz=>bir bilseniz
havlarmi=>havlar mi
bulamazsn=>bulamazsın
diyemezsim=>diyemezsin
aldm=>aldım
desim=>dersim
bilmemne=>bilmem ne
seviyoruum=>seviyorum
saatdir=>saattir
yatakdan=>yataktan
herkeze=>herkese
burdalar=>buradalar
sizinyan=>sizin yan
gidiyolar=>gidiyorlar
gidersinki=>gidersin ki
alacaktr=>alacaktır
tunusta=>tunus'ta
ahaha=>haha
Dilerimki=>Dilerim Ki
olabiliyolar=>olabiliyorlar
ediyim=>edeyim
demekki=>demek ki
allahtan=>allah'tan
Haftasonu=>Hafta Sonu
Galatasaray'imiz=>Galatasarayımız
birkez=>bir kez
yawrum=>yavrum
allahtan=>allah'tan
biliyosunuz=>biliyorsunuz
Galatasaray'imiz=>Galatasarayımız
gidiyoruzz=>gidiyoruz
dersanede=>dershanede
seyrediyoruum=>seyrediyorum
geliceksin=>geleceksin
Mehmetin=>Mehmet'in
Hayrunisa=>Hayrunnisa
biliyordukda=>biliyorduk da
denicek=>denecek
gidiyoruuz=>gidiyoruz
deyecek=>değecek
heryerde=>her yerde
ehere=>here
vicdannda=>vicdanında
hissetmedn=>hissetmeden
allaha=>allah'a
midirr=>midir
yalanmi=>yalan mi
yaptm=>yaptım
Hayrunisa=>Hayrunnisa
unutucak=>unutacak
beyenmedim=>beğenmedim
diyosun=>diyorsun
fransada=>fransa'da
MAB=>MEB
Sakaryaya=>Sakarya'ya
diyosun=>diyorsun
ordaki=>oradaki
yokmu=>yok mu
fransada=>fransa'da
korkuyormusunuz=>korkuyor musunuz
dersaneye=>dershaneye
taytada=>tahtada
birdaha=>bir daha
uefaya=>uefa'ya
bozulcak=>bozulacak
uykkum=>uykum
kanalda'da=>kanada'da
dersaneye=>dershaneye
Krta=>Karta
hissettinz=>hissettiniz
Volkan'siz=>Volkan Siz
engelemeye=>engellemeye
donuyodum=>donuyorum
senlikl=>senlik
adamsn=>adamsın
severiiz=>severiz
klupun=>kulpun
olsunmu=>olsun mu
Gidiyosunuz=>Gidiyorsunuz
hissettinz=>hissettiniz
ahaha=>haha
senmisin=>sen misin
Ordaki=>Oradaki
dietini=>diyetini
gelior=>geliyor
kecen=>gecen
dietini=>diyetini
aykuta=>aykut'a
yapcak=>yapacak
gidicektim=>gidecektim
seslleniyorum=>sesleniyorum
cenneten=>cennetten
beb=>meb
ben'mi=>ben mi
bilirmisin=>bilir misin
bilmememek=>bilememek
cenneten=>cennetten
gulurum=>gururum
ehere=>here
Anneannemii=>Anneannemi
motara=>motora
canimsnn=>canimsin
unutmadm=>unutmadım
bebeim=>bebeğim
Demekki=>Demek Ki
halolacak=>hallolacak
bilemezsiniiz=>bilemezsiniz
heyacandan=>heyecandan
durcak=>duracak
brazilya=>brezilya
diyemiyecek=>diyemeyecek
uyuycak=>uyuyacak
deilsin=>değilsin
trabzonun=>trabzon'un
heralde=>herhalde
birdaha=>bir daha
oyncuyu=>oyuncuyu
Hayrettine=>Hayrettin
bilemezsiniiz=>bilemezsiniz
geldm=>geldim
yandan'da=>yandan da
iatiyor=>istiyor
biliorum=>biliyorum
boluluyumm=>boluluyum
biliyormu=>biliyor mu
geneleginden=>genelevinden
gazapli=>gazali
kayboluyosun=>kayboluyorsun
romanmisin=>roman misin
qoyum=>koyum
nekadar=>ne kadar
olabilirimki=>olabilirim ki
seviyosun=>seviyorsun
izlerrken=>izlerken
asosyalizbiz=>asosyaliz biz
yetiyormu=>yetiyor mu
gelmiyormu=>gelmiyor mu
nekadar=>ne kadar
terkedip=>terk edip
yapcak=>yapacak
Kaafir=>Kafir
birdaha=>bir daha
Salaklaar=>Salaklar
sansizlik=>sensizlik
inciltmeyecek=>incitmeyecek
andir=>indir
ajdadan=>ajda'dan
sekercan'im=>seker canim
esnaflr=>esnaflar
ahaha=>haha
yapabilcek=>yapabilecek
geliyosa=>geliyorsa
ajdadan=>ajda'dan
sevdiyim=>sevdiğim
getircek=>getirecek
gezicigiz=>geziciyiz
Iremle=>Remle
atiyo=>atiye
geliyorr=>geliyor
Allah'im=>Allahım
heryere=>her yere
ajdadan=>ajda'dan
baaya=>baya
takimmi=>takim mi
tvyi=>tv'yi
istiorum=>istiyorum
gidicek=>gidecek
selamlarr=>selamlar
ahaha=>haha
olurkn=>olurken
burnumuzdn=>burnumuzdan
melekin=>meleğin
seviniyodum=>seviniyordum
sinirliym=>sinirliyim
afetmez=>affetmez
resimelri=>resimleri
yanyana=>yan yana
hormetine=>hürmetine
melekin=>meleğin
duydm=>duydum
heralde=>herhalde
tafo'yu=>trafoyu
kislere=>kistlere
hormetine=>hürmetine
yaprakmidir=>yaprak midir
ediyolar=>ediyorlar
dansetse=>dans etse
ediyolar=>ediyorlar
kola'nin=>kolanın
yaybayan=>yay bayan
oluruzz=>oluruz
bedeldirr=>bedeldir
ahaha=>haha
ediyolar=>ediyorlar
bekliorum=>bekliyorum
olmm=>olmam
ikitane=>iki tane
beyendim=>beğendim
kadermi=>kader mi
cestler=>cesetler
allahtan=>allah'tan
ediyolar=>ediyorlar
ederki=>eder ki
istior=>istiyor
bulamadgm=>bulamadım
diyosun=>diyorsun
Balta'siz=>Balta Siz
bilesinki=>bilesin ki
yetenekmis=>yetenek mis
etmemekde=>etmemekte
geliyormusun=>geliyor musun
kurtulcak=>kurtulacak
biliyosa=>biliyorsa
Balta'siz=>Balta Siz
uefada=>uefa'da
sonbir=>son bir
sasiydi=>sesiydi
gidermiscesine=>gider miscesine
yanyana=>yan yana
belirleneck=>belirlenecek
kurufasulye=>kuru fasulye
verdikleride=>verdiklerinde
ediyolar=>ediyorlar
sorduklarnda=>sorduklarında
yanyana=>yan yana
psikolijisini=>psikolojisini
yapcak=>yapacak
eskisehire=>eskişehir'e
gdiyorum=>gidiyorum
dinletilebilcek=>dinletilebilecek
istiorsan=>istiyorsan
oluyoduk=>oluyorduk
verirmisiniz=>verir misiniz
istiorum=>istiyorum
ediyim=>edeyim
birtanesin=>bir tanesin
Balanbanlar=>Balabanlar
eglenemedik=>evlenemedik
diorum=>diyorum
eglenemedik=>evlenemedik
yanyana=>yan yana
heralde=>herhalde
ahavalarda=>havalarda
evdedn=>evden
Vecihiyle=>Vechiyle
konsrinize=>konserinize
konserleer=>konserler
haftasonundan=>hafta sonundan
dosyavermek=>dosya vermek
Haftasonu=>Hafta Sonu
diyince=>deyince
sallanicak=>sallanacak
allaha=>allah'a
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
userlerimiz=>eserlerimiz
edecew=>edece
yokktu=>yoktu
ahaha=>haha
Buzamana=>Bu Zamana
dersanedeyim=>dershanedeyim
Tayfurun=>Tayfur'un
dersanede=>dershanede
oluyoo=>oluyor
dosyavermek=>dosya vermek
Haftasonu=>Hafta Sonu
oluyoo=>oluyor
diorum=>diyorum
heralde=>herhalde
buluur=>bulunur
benziyosun=>benziyorsun
insalara=>insanlara
ediyosun=>ediyorsun
dakkada=>dakikada
gitmediin=>gitmedin
gidicektim=>gidecektim
iyidi=>iyiydi
deydirir=>değdirir
sakiniym=>sakinim
giricekler=>girecekler
erkekelere=>erkeklere
olabilirsn=>olabilirsin
okumadm=>okumadım
dakkada=>dakikada
diorum=>diyorum
giriyim=>gireyim
iside=>inside
gecistirin=>geciktirin
isteyipde=>isteyip de
geliyorki=>geliyor ki
istyorum=>istiyorum
yaptm=>yaptım
doldurduum=>doldurdum
sivasa=>sivas'a
biliorum=>biliyorum
olabilirki=>olabilir ki
hesplasan=>hesaplasan
eskisehire=>eskişehir'e
birtek=>bir tek
ahaha=>haha
ahaha=>haha
tatildn=>tatilden
anlaat=>anlat
diyince=>deyince
hayatmda=>hayatımda
sk=>ssk
birkez=>bir kez
dernrkte=>dernekte
Yapicak=>Yapacak
migdem=>midem
migdem=>midem
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
sevdiyim=>sevdiğim
demekki=>demek ki
ezilmemistik=>ezilme mistik
dernrkte=>dernekte
benziyorruz=>benziyoruz
ahaha=>haha
diyosunuz=>diyorsunuz
diyosunuz=>diyorsunuz
kusenlerden=>kuzenlerden
resmn=>resmin
sermeyeciler=>sermayeciler
sitemleriim=>sitemlerim
dernrkte=>dernekte
heralde=>herhalde
geliyosa=>geliyorsa
iyidi=>iyiydi
veriyolar=>veriyorlar
yeriim=>yerim
gelemsi=>gelmesi
ediyeni=>hediyeni
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
biliyodum=>biliyorum
olmakdan=>olmaktan
otururz=>otururuz
heralde=>herhalde
uyandm=>uyandım
istiyosan=>istiyorsan
edicek=>edecek
gelsn=>gelsin
Dinliyorm=>Dinliyorum
nesile=>nesine
dertki=>dert ki
Avci'ya=>Avcıya
feyste=>feste
edeeriz=>ederiz
varki=>var ki
mutluyumki=>mutluyum ki
tramwaydaki=>tramvaydaki
mutluyumki=>mutluyum ki
diyorumki=>diyorum ki
geliorum=>geliyorum
hastanesnde=>hastanesinde
habermi=>haber mi
ecmem=>ecem
geliyosunuz=>geliyorsunuz
uyusaam=>uyusam
diyorumki=>diyorum ki
diyorumki=>diyorum ki
mutluyumki=>mutluyum ki
mrb=>meb
veriln=>verilen
Bekliorum=>Bekliyorum
heryerde=>her yerde
ediyoduk=>ediyorduk
bebeim=>bebeğim
ciddimisin=>ciddi misin
yanyana=>yan yana
ediyolar=>ediyorlar
Margin'de=>Mardin'de
Margin'de=>Mardin'de
Onlarsiz=>Onlar Siz
bekliorum=>bekliyorum
dersaneyi=>dershaneyi
olsa'pizza=>olsa pizza
dinletilebilcek=>dinletilebilecek
garibm=>garibim
haftasonuna=>hafta sonuna
veriln=>verilen
sevglimi=>sevgilimi
zekiym=>zekiyim
Kulakdaki=>Kulaktaki
ucundami=>ucunda mi
kimsesizliyin=>kimsesizliğin
varki=>var ki
nedenlerdn=>nedenlerden
kutlyorum=>kutluyorum
ahaha=>haha
Allah'im=>Allahım
vuruyosun=>vuruyorsun
diyosun=>diyorsun
askm=>askım
donuyorm=>donuyorum
motordaym=>motordayım
nekadar=>ne kadar
biryere=>bir yere
nezaman=>ne zaman
trabzonun=>trabzon'un
trabzonun=>trabzon'un
gelioruz=>geliyoruz
aulunun=>avlunun
Allah'im=>Allahım
dernrkte=>dernekte
sudurki=>sudur ki
toplmaya=>toplamaya
ediyosunuz=>ediyorsunuz
biliyosunuz=>biliyorsunuz
Allahtan=>Allah'tan
yeterki=>yeter ki
yeterki=>yeter ki
yeterki=>yeter ki
seyle=>söyle
olrak=>olarak
heralde=>herhalde
nedenlerdn=>nedenlerden
Mevsimer=>Mevsimler
stadta=>statta
istiyoruzz=>istiyoruz
izleyebiliyoruzz=>izleyebiliyoruz
femenistlik=>feministlik
gidilirmi=>gidilir mi
Seviyorm=>Seviyorum
birkere=>bir kere
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
firmdan=>firmadan
yrrime=>yerime
birkere=>bir kere
bahsediyosunuz=>bahsediyorsunuz
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
herzaman=>her zaman
sevgilinz=>sevgilin
Ofisemize=>Ofisimize
padyumdan=>podyumdan
benynimi=>beynimi
uyumakda=>uyumak da
uyumakda=>uyumak da
altalta=>alt alta
ahaha=>haha
Eskisehire=>Eskişehir'e
uediler=>kediler
altalta=>alt alta
buyusun=>buyursun
Ingilizce'de=>İngilizcede
edior=>ediyor
Cisimi=>Cismi
psikilojim=>psikolojim
basarilydi=>basariliydi
yokmu=>yok mu
stokladin=>stok ladin
altalta=>alt alta
herzaman=>her zaman
beyenin=>beğenin
Haftasonu=>Hafta Sonu
ekin'mis=>ekin mis
erkekleremi=>erkeklere mi
yokki=>yok ki
diyosun=>diyorsun
oldunuzmu=>oldunuz mu
Yapcak=>Yapacak
Allah'im=>Allahım
herzaman=>her zaman
vaardi=>vardi
Derlerya=>Derler Ya
babanneye=>babaanneye
sevenlerdemi=>sevenlerde mi
seyle=>söyle
Vanda=>Van'da
baktm=>baktım
baktm=>baktım
utanr=>utanır
diyosun=>diyorsun
Beyanim=>Beynim
ahaha=>haha
biryandan=>bir yandan
romantksin=>romantiksin
olduki=>oldu ki
altalta=>alt alta
sinirleniyorumki=>sinirleniyorum ki
nekadar=>ne kadar
benzetiyosunuz=>benzetiyorsunuz
kocaelide=>kocaeli'de
CHPde=>CHP de
ahaha=>haha
demekki=>demek ki
deyilken=>değilken
etmemisen=>etmemişsen
arakarar=>ara karar
uyanamadm=>uyanamadım
haketmek=>hak etmek
demekki=>demek ki
almanyada=>almanya'da
bukadar=>bu kadar
heralde=>herhalde
gelebilicek=>gelebilecek
Eminmisiniz=>Emin Misiniz
Allahtan=>Allah'tan
birkere=>bir kere
trabzonda=>trabzon'da
olabilirmi=>olabilir mi
geldm=>geldim
babannem=>babaannem
heralde=>herhalde
heralde=>herhalde
bebeksii=>bebeksi
iddalar=>iddialar
wekilim=>vekilim
Nezaman=>Ne Zaman
AkPartiye=>Ak Partiye
deyilsin=>değilsin
belirteyin=>belirteyim
hahh=>haha
yokki=>yok ki
olmakda=>olmak da
dokeen=>dokken
emreye=>emre'ye
demekki=>demek ki
Gulseren'le=>Gülserenle
geldinmi=>geldin mi
tassubu=>taassubu
anlayabilcek=>anlayabilecek
bnzeyen=>benzeyen
insanlr=>insanlar
sevdimki=>sevdim ki
gidicek=>gidecek
bosnada=>bosna'da
tepsisinle=>tepsisiyle
izlesinlr=>izlesinler
bukadar=>bu kadar
destanlasirken=>destanla sirken
ancakispanya=>ancak ispanya
geliyrum=>geliyorum
izniylee=>izniyle
sunupkendini=>sunup kendini
demektirki=>demektir ki
vanda=>van'da
ususe=>suse
trafkte=>trafikte
demektiir=>demektir
dernrkte=>dernekte
ahaha=>haha
olsunki=>olsun ki
diyolar=>diyorlar
demektiir=>demektir
sunupkendini=>sunup kendini
Burdaki=>Buradaki
DeOndan=>De Ondan
alevalev=>alev alev
benmiyim=>ben miyim
amasyada=>amasya'da
bkliyoruz=>bekliyoruz
dediklerni=>dediklerini
verdm=>verdim
birdaha=>bir daha
beklrim=>beklerim
Adanaya=>Adana'ya
amacm=>amcam
okuyabilyorsunuz=>okuyabiliyorsunuz
birlikteliklr=>birliktelikler
sevinrim=>sevinirim
verrse=>verse
beklrim=>beklerim
etlilenip=>etkilenip
haftasonuna=>hafta sonuna
yapicak=>yapacak
ediyolar=>ediyorlar
adelesi=>adalesi
dersaneye=>dershaneye
yemedn=>yemen
yapicak=>yapacak
kuslusu=>kuskusu
dostdur=>dosttur
luyor=>oluyor
takipedenlerin=>takip edenlerin
Olcay'cim=>Olcay Cim
tatlini=>tatilini
yokmu=>yok mu
heryer=>her yer
uyanmasn=>uyanmasın
diyosun=>diyorsun
biliyosunuz=>biliyorsunuz
baktm=>baktım
sabreet=>sabret
vakaa=>vak'a
Allahtan=>Allah'tan
diyosun=>diyorsun
iyiyimm=>iyiyim
iyibilirim=>iyi bilirim
yiyosun=>yiyorsun
heryerlerinden=>her yerlerinden
olabilirm=>olabilir m
yanyana=>yan yana
disiplinemi=>disipline mi
yapabilirmi=>yapabilir mi
dedm=>dedem
bekleymem=>bekleyemem
trajedirir=>trajedidir
istiyosunuz=>istiyorsunuz
Abdulllah=>Abdullah
busabah=>bu sabah
olabilirki=>olabilir ki
resmn=>resmin
stadnda=>stadında
stadnda=>stadında
kalpkrizi=>kalp krizi
yerm=>yerim
arasnda=>arasında
dersaneye=>dershaneye
yetmezmi=>yetmez mi
ahaha=>haha
sevdm=>sevdim
Adanaya=>Adana'ya
izledkk=>izledik
gibierkek=>gibi erkek
burcsun=>burcun
diyince=>deyince
Sarilki=>Sarilik
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
dinlyerek=>dinleyerek
dayanbilirlerdi=>dayan bilirlerdi
vermeliydm=>vermeliydim
birdaha=>bir daha
afrikadan=>afrika'dan
yapcak=>yapacak
biraksam=>bir aksam
bukadar=>bu kadar
unutucak=>unutacak
edicek=>edecek
mrb=>meb
prinsiplerinden=>prensiplerinden
vehpi=>vehbi
geldm=>geldim
heralde=>herhalde
heralde=>herhalde
Istanbul'in=>Istanbulin
birdaha=>bir daha
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
Biliyosun=>Biliyorsun
fenevlilere=>fenerlilere
yapcak=>yapacak
Kendmi=>Kendimi
yokmu=>yok mu
beyendim=>beğendim
elfrenini=>el frenini
giriyim=>gireyim
Allah'im=>Allahım
birdaha=>bir daha
belirteyin=>belirteyim
hisselerede=>hisselerde
vaxtinizi=>vaktinizi
Heryerde=>Her Yerde
beyendim=>beğendim
Eskisehire=>Eskişehir'e
biliorum=>biliyorum
geliyolar=>geliyorlar
erkekmisiniz=>erkek misiniz
Ingilizce'de=>İngilizcede
izliyip=>izleyip
smdi=>simdi
Allahtan=>Allah'tan
izliyodum=>izliyorum
basnda=>basında
yerinizmi=>yeriniz mi
belirteyin=>belirteyim
iddanamede=>iddianamede
yanyana=>yan yana
heralde=>herhalde
seviyoruZz=>seviyoruZ
giyiyosunuz=>giyiyorsunuz
yanyana=>yan yana
Birdaha=>Bir Daha
Dayanamayop=>Dayanamayıp
korkuoruz=>korkuyoruz
ahaha=>haha
yapicak=>yapacak
kontorum=>konturum
karekterinin=>karakterinin
smdi=>simdi
biliyormuydunuz=>biliyor muydunuz
diyoo=>diyor
ahaha=>haha
derndi=>dendi
diyince=>deyince
korkulurmu=>korkulur mu
gidior=>gidiyor
vuruorlar=>vuruyorlar
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
Haftasonu=>Hafta Sonu
tlye=>tl'ye
izlettirmeyn=>izlettirmeyin
gzeller=>güzeller
olunucak=>olunacak
dansediyorum=>dans ediyorum
naaki=>naki
toplanicak=>toplanacak
gulerin=>güler'in
senlikl=>senlik
eksiksiin=>eksiksin
gidebilirimm=>gidebilirim
Kokusuu=>Kokusun
bilemedimki=>bilemedim ki
kndilerini=>kendilerini
diyettetiz=>diyetteyiz
heryerde=>her yerde
diyosun=>diyorsun
hftaya=>haftaya
oluoruz=>oluyoruz
heralde=>herhalde
diyebiliorum=>diyebiliyorum
salonlardami=>salonlarda mi
yapamazlarmis=>yapamazlar mis
nerdeydi=>neredeydi
sorrsan=>sorarsan
ellernde=>ellerinde
diyosunuz=>diyorsunuz
dersanedeki=>dershanedeki
imkanm=>imkan
herzaman=>her zaman
baksaan=>baksana
dersanedeki=>dershanedeki
benimbu=>benim bu
heralde=>herhalde
herzaman=>her zaman
dernekmis=>dernek mis
bncede=>bencede
Duydumki=>Duydum Ki
smdi=>simdi
heralde=>herhalde
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
ediyim=>edeyim
dersanenin=>dershanenin
diyosun=>diyorsun
diyince=>deyince
yokki=>yok ki
hayatmda=>hayatımda
sinirlendiim=>sinirlendim
hissediorum=>hissediyorum
istiyosun=>istiyorsun
istiyosun=>istiyorsun
taratarlar=>taraftarlar
muhtarlara'biz=>muhtarlara biz
varki=>var ki
herbir=>her bir
doluym=>doluyum
Ingiltereye=>İngiltere'ye
karekterinin=>karakterinin
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
denirr=>denir
disisi=>dizisi
duyururmusunuz=>duyurur musunuz
dersanede=>dershanede
Herzaman=>Her Zaman
gelemdin=>gelmedin
ilkdefa=>ilk defa
Duydumki=>Duydum Ki
diyosun=>diyorsun
aramzda=>aramızda
Allah'im=>Allahım
biliyosun=>biliyorsun
Allah'im=>Allahım
hemdee=>hemde
diyolar=>diyorlar
gezisiydii=>gezisiydi
bukadar=>bu kadar
Duydumki=>Duydum Ki
bilirsinizki=>bilirsiniz ki
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
yiyosa=>yiyorsa
bahvelievlerli=>bahçelievlerli
yapcak=>yapacak
grmedim=>görmedim
varki=>var ki
allahm=>allahım
gitmwkte=>gitmekte
birdaha=>bir daha
geliyorr=>geliyor
beyeniyorum=>beğeniyorum
nedersiniz=>ne dersiniz
kosturana=>kusturana
mevzubahisse=>mevzu bahisse
mevzubahisse=>mevzu bahisse
duyrulur=>duyurulur
gidiyoruzz=>gidiyoruz
mutluuyum=>mutluyum
miyiim=>miyim
miyiim=>miyim
Wimdi=>Simdi
edilcek=>edilecek
mevzubahisse=>mevzu bahisse
varki=>var ki
aklimzi=>aklimizi
koparicak=>koparacak
demekki=>demek ki
bekliyoruum=>bekliyorum
bebeim=>bebeğim
dersanedeyim=>dershanedeyim
mevzubahisse=>mevzu bahisse
gidiyorsn=>gidiyorsun
HERYER=>HER YER
dememm=>dememem
beyenmedim=>beğenmedim
seyle=>söyle
Allahtan=>Allah'tan
birkez=>bir kez
seviorum=>seviyorum
kitlyim=>kitliyim
birkez=>bir kez
yemessek=>yemesek
benmiyim=>ben miyim
Gelecekdeki=>Gelecekteki
bilinsinki=>bilinsin ki
bedri'ye=>bedriye
yaptm=>yaptım
bilirimki=>bilirim ki
Gelecekdeki=>Gelecekteki
olmasn=>olmasın
biliyodum=>biliyorum
diyosun=>diyorsun
geldm=>geldim
burdaki=>buradaki
gibiyiim=>gibiyim
ARKAMDN=>ARKAMDAN
sacsaca=>sac saca
erkekmi=>erkek mi
Ardacm=>Ardacım
diyorm=>diyorum
bkiyim=>bakiyim
geldilr=>geldiler
havalra=>havalar
Batunun=>Batu'nun
isiyorum=>istiyorum
bitircek=>bitirecek
dietteyim=>diyetteyim
heryerim=>her yerim
kopuyoruzz=>kopuyoruz
diyolar=>diyorlar
trabzonun=>trabzon'un
oluyodum=>oluyorum
duyrulur=>duyurulur
Hocamiz'dan=>Hocamızdan
dnlemekten=>dinlemekten
itibaryle=>itibariyle
mevzubahisse=>mevzu bahisse
smdi=>simdi
varki=>var ki
istioruz=>istiyoruz
kabimi=>kalbimi
istiyoruum=>istiyorum
haftdan=>haftadan
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
yemessem=>yemezsem
hayatnda=>hayatında
nedersiniz=>ne dersiniz
biliyosun=>biliyorsun
bendm=>bendim
seserim=>serserim
caniim=>canim
yukardakilerden=>yukarıdakilerden
havami=>hava mi
bukadar=>bu kadar
yuzluydu=>tuzluydu
yemnlen=>yeminlen
senmisin=>sen misin
giyipp=>giyip
aklimzi=>aklimizi
gecikirmeyin=>geciktirmeyin
olurmuyum=>olur muyum
olmuyorki=>olmuyor ki
vrriyor=>veriyor
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
tualete=>tuvalete
siporum=>sporum
vrriyor=>veriyor
yapcak=>yapacak
oynuyosun=>oynuyorsun
soruyosun=>soruyorsun
bildiin=>bildiğin
sansiz=>sensiz
herhlade=>herhalde
edemezz=>edemez
Trabzonun=>Trabzon'un
tualete=>tuvalete
kahvesiydii=>kahvesiydi
Trabzonun=>Trabzon'un
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
heralde=>herhalde
Trbzonlular=>Trabzonlular
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
Trbzonlular=>Trabzonlular
unutmazdm=>unutmazdım
seviniyodum=>seviniyordum
biitti=>bitti
oluyorr=>oluyor
nekadar=>ne kadar
izliyosun=>izliyorsun
iyiyimm=>iyiyim
basnda=>basında
hemdee=>hemde
heralde=>herhalde
diyetteyz=>diyetteyiz
Heralde=>Herhalde
afrikada=>afrika'da
nekadar=>ne kadar
Heran=>Her An
Krta=>Karta
afrikada=>afrika'da
Sivasa=>Sivas'a
yokmu=>yok mu
sivasa=>sivas'a
Heran=>Her An
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
diiller=>diller
diete=>diyete
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
Allahtan=>Allah'tan
okuldaydmm=>okuldaydım
nedenki=>neden ki
delilmi=>delil mi
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
gidicek=>gidecek
mutlusuda=>mutlu suda
heralde=>herhalde
trabzonun=>trabzon'un
uefaya=>uefa'ya
diyince=>deyince
sivasa=>sivas'a
Gelinliyinle=>Gelinliğinle
reytiglerde=>reytinglerde
diette=>diyette
geldm=>geldim
samimibulmuyorum=>samimi bulmuyorum
samimibulmuyorum=>samimi bulmuyorum
yukarlarda=>yukarılarda
seviyosun=>seviyorsun
yaptm=>yaptım
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
milyonlarmi=>milyonlar mi
ediorum=>ediyorum
Hapise=>Hapse
herzaman=>her zaman
ahaha=>haha
kayseride=>kayseri'de
kalbimizz=>kalbimiz
istiyosan=>istiyorsan
dediyimiz=>dediğimiz
gidicek=>gidecek
veriyorr=>veriyor
yokmu=>yok mu
Avustralyaya=>Avustralya'ya
varki=>var ki
seev=>sev
cisimin=>cismin
gelirya=>gelir ya
tlleri=>tl'leri
benziyemez=>benzeyemez
resmn=>resmin
avrupada=>avrupa'da
avrupada=>avrupa'da
benziyosunuz=>benziyorsunuz
gidiyoruuz=>gidiyoruz
ahaha=>haha
benziyemez=>benzeyemez
Unutuyosun=>Unutuyorsun
heralde=>herhalde
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
heryerde=>her yerde
diyosun=>diyorsun
sahnedeyizz=>sahnedeyiz
heralde=>herhalde
nedenlerdn=>nedenlerden
birkerede=>bir kerede
heralde=>herhalde
Diplamaya=>Diplomaya
istiyoruum=>istiyorum
mrb=>meb
stadta=>statta
iyiym=>iyiyim
iyiym=>iyiyim
heralde=>herhalde
diyince=>deyince
mercecim=>mervecim
gururmuzsunuz=>gururumuzsunuz
hakediyorsunuz=>hak ediyorsunuz
olsagerek=>olsa gerek
seyehati=>seyahati
getirsn=>getirsin
BilgiBURSA=>Bilgi BURSA
geliyosun=>geliyorsun
yeniasini=>yenisini
bilmemne=>bilmem ne
masumuyeti=>masumiyeti
mrb=>meb
mrb=>meb
herhangibirinin=>herhangi birinin
adanada=>adana'da
adanaya=>adana'ya
Kecen=>Gecen
verdiyim=>verdiğim
olduqu=>olduğu
yokki=>yok ki
bncede=>bencede
bindirdilr=>bindirdiler
demekki=>demek ki
izliyosun=>izliyorsun
trabzonun=>trabzon'un
yeriim=>yerim
diyosun=>diyorsun
bolumm=>bolum
yapabiliyosan=>yapabiliyorsan
Haftasonuna=>Hafta Sonuna
etrafmda=>etrafımda
sistemimis=>sistemimiz
ediyosun=>ediyorsun
uyucak=>uyacak
buaralar=>bu aralar
savunmalR=>savunmalaR
veririsin=>verirsin
nesile=>nesine
bakistan=>pakistan
istiyoruum=>istiyorum
yapanilirsen=>yapabilirsen
askm=>askım
sevdm=>sevdim
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
sadrinin=>kadrinin
uyuyodun=>uyuyordun
heralde=>herhalde
izliyiciyim=>izleyiciyim
dinliyiciyim=>dinleyiciyim
bekliyoduk=>bekliyorduk
biliyosun=>biliyorsun
deilde=>değilde
benzior=>benziyor
izliyiciyim=>izleyiciyim
dinliyiciyim=>dinleyiciyim
yokki=>yok ki
deymeden=>değmeden
yapabilcek=>yapabilecek
herkeze=>herkese
provamn=>provan
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
heralde=>herhalde
Trabzonun=>Trabzon'un
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
ezksin=>eziksin
sevinirdk=>sevinirdik
rotarla=>rotala
kaslarida=>kaslarda
seviyodur=>seviyordur
biraksam=>bir aksam
akilkupu=>akil kupu
demezmi=>demez mi
gidioor=>gidiyor
birkez=>bir kez
etmezki=>etmez ki
havalr=>havalar
olacakmi=>olacak mi
olacakmi=>olacak mi
verisliyken=>varisliyken
temizki=>temiz ki
vericeksin=>vereceksin
vericeksin=>vereceksin
btti=>bitti
askm=>askım
sinrlerim=>sinirlerim
ahaha=>haha
sevmelisinki=>sevmelisin ki
baktm=>baktım
heryer=>her yer
gidiyorr=>gidiyor
edicek=>edecek
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
koydm=>koydum
gdemeyiz=>gidemeyiz
yerimzi=>yerimiz
seviyoruum=>seviyorum
heralde=>herhalde
biliorsun=>biliyorsun
BilgiBURSA=>Bilgi BURSA
kalicisin=>kalecisin
yoruldumki=>yoruldum ki
heralde=>herhalde
kimlesn=>kimlesin
soruyorm=>soruyorum
yapakmi=>yapak mi
olabiliyolar=>olabiliyorlar
uyandrmaya=>uyandırmaya
benmle=>benimle
paramzla=>paramızla
ordaki=>oradaki
trafkte=>trafikte
duruyosun=>duruyorsun
edicek=>edecek
sewinen=>sevinen
Turkce'de=>Türkçede
okyim=>okeyim
diyebilicek=>diyebilecek
okyunca=>okuyunca
baktm=>baktım
bolemezsin=>bilemezsin
seviyoruum=>seviyorum
imkansz=>imkansız
kalktm=>kalktım
bliyorum=>biliyorum
deyenler=>diyenler
ediyosun=>ediyorsun
aralarndaki=>aralarındaki
ilgilendirmz=>ilgilendirmez
insanlra=>insanlar
bulunnmaktan=>bulunmaktan
yemeyee=>yemeye
aksoya=>aksoy'a
biliyoruum=>biliyorum
bulunnmaktan=>bulunmaktan
heralde=>herhalde
bulunnmaktan=>bulunmaktan
zannediyolar=>zannediyorlar
amerikada=>amerika'da
Unutuyosun=>Unutuyorsun
yeriim=>yerim
Haftasonu=>Hafta Sonu
dakkaya=>dakikaya
bulunnmaktan=>bulunmaktan
sirin'le=>şirinle
giriceksin=>gireceksin
kavonozunun=>kavanozunun
bulunmaktayz=>bulunmaktayız
deymez=>değmez
oluyoo=>oluyor
bulunnmaktan=>bulunmaktan
bekirin=>bekir'in
Cinemada=>Sinemada
atiyo=>atiye
atiyo=>atiye
Dersanede=>Dershanede
ediorum=>ediyorum
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
bulunnmaktan=>bulunmaktan
hayatmda=>hayatımda
bulunnmaktan=>bulunmaktan
ordaki=>oradaki
hapsetin=>hapsettin
edmeliyim=>etmeliyim
sankiim=>sankim
yapcak=>yapacak
kalpliyiim=>kalpliyim
ishe=>is he
bulunnmaktan=>bulunmaktan
erkeklerne=>erkekler ne
gidemedm=>gidemedim
spordaydm=>spordaydım
bulunnmaktan=>bulunmaktan
benziyolar=>benziyorlar
sitemleriim=>sitemlerim
Sevgilliler=>Sevgililer
rusyada=>rusya'da
heralde=>herhalde
bulunnmaktan=>bulunmaktan
gelmeyecekk=>gelmeyecek
buunu=>bunu
ahaha=>haha
odulum=>ordulum
bulunnmaktan=>bulunmaktan
Cinemaya=>Sinemaya
dedm=>dedem
varki=>var ki
adeleti=>adaleti
yokdur=>yoktur
ahaha=>haha
omuzuma=>omzuma
dedm=>dedem
uyunucak=>uyunacak
Ordaki=>Oradaki
veriyormu=>veriyor mu
dokuun=>dokun
gidrim=>giderim
Derlerya=>Derler Ya
bulunnmaktan=>bulunmaktan
dersenizz=>derseniz
vermelerinide=>vermelerinde
benziyoo=>benziyor
andir=>indir
sefernde=>seferinde
halimdn=>halimden
Edipde=>Edip De
mutlakaederim=>mutlaka ederim
heycanla=>heyecanla
dakkada=>dakikada
Edipde=>Edip De
allahtan=>allah'tan
nfusu=>nüfusu
Allah'im=>Allahım
elektirkler=>elektrikler
istiyrum=>istiyorum
yanmda=>yanımda
anlamadm=>anlamadım
diyince=>deyince
heralde=>herhalde
heralde=>herhalde
yetmezmi=>yetmez mi
alcaklar=>alacaklar
Nekadar=>Ne Kadar
demekki=>demek ki
yerimt=>yerim
ayse'yi=>ayşeyi
atiyo=>atiye
Haftasonu=>Hafta Sonu
misinizz=>misiniz
biradama=>bir adama
Bakabiliisiniz=>Bakabilirsiniz
insanlaar=>insanlar
yiyosunuz=>yiyorsunuz
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
vericektim=>verecektim
diyosunuz=>diyorsunuz
Gelivedin=>Geliverdin
bagdemcikleri=>bademcikleri
hemdaha=>hem daha
gidelm=>gidelim
varki=>var ki
insalar=>insanlar
golgeliyor=>gol geliyor
konudmalar=>konuşmalar
varki=>var ki
Trabzonun=>Trabzon'un
gaziemire=>gaziemir'e
mrb=>meb
sseviyorum=>seviyorum
varki=>var ki
ahaha=>haha
nezamana=>ne zamana
yapicak=>yapacak
bahsediyolar=>bahsediyorlar
olurrum=>olurum
herkesden=>herkesten
konudmalar=>konuşmalar
Tvnin=>Tv'nin
hakediyorsunuz=>hak ediyorsunuz
sevdm=>sevdim
mahfetmesine=>mahvetmesine
iyiydii=>iyiydi
Telefna=>Telefona
erlerdr=>erlerdir
vermkten=>vermekten
picliklerine=>pisliklerine
ediorum=>ediyorum
diyebiliyo=>diyebiliyor
maalleden=>mahalleden
izlenirr=>izlenir
olaran=>olarak
izlenirr=>izlenir
sovebilen=>sevebilen
heralde=>herhalde
yolluyodum=>yolluyorum
birdaha=>bir daha
sovebilen=>sevebilen
heralde=>herhalde
sovebilen=>sevebilen
Van'dsn=>Van'dan
donuyosun=>donuyorsun
hassasmiydiniz=>hassas miydiniz
birdaha=>bir daha
yanyana=>yan yana
yanyana=>yan yana
kopkop=>kop kop
leselim=>liselim
dedimki=>dedim ki
sovebilen=>sevebilen
Galatasaray'imizin=>Galatasarayımızın
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
veyinede=>ve yinede
sehifelerin=>sahifelerin
iyidi=>iyiydi
annmi=>annemi
heralde=>herhalde
demekki=>demek ki
geciyk=>gecik
yokmu=>yok mu
heralde=>herhalde
Diyettteyim=>Diyetteyim
diyince=>deyince
olabiliyolar=>olabiliyorlar
heryerim=>her yerim
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
edilmezz=>edilmez
bilemezz=>bilemez
smdi=>simdi
sovebilen=>sevebilen
varki=>var ki
diuorum=>diyorum
birkez=>bir kez
oluyosun=>oluyorsun
Babamem=>Babam Em
Trabzonu=>Trabzon'u
trabzonun=>trabzon'un
Hanim'a=>Hanıma
duwara=>duvara
sovebilen=>sevebilen
ahaha=>haha
yapicak=>yapacak
yirtsan=>yurtsan
artistleniyo=>artistleniyor
birtanesi=>bir tanesi
sevn=>seven
durmasn=>durmasın
smdi=>simdi
kapancak=>kapanacak
ediorum=>ediyorum
halbiki=>halbuki
anlatcak=>anlatacak
saatdir=>saattir
uydurdumm=>uydurdum
demeyib=>demeyin
bikiyorum=>biliyorum
ahaha=>haha
heralde=>herhalde
azndan=>azından
yerm=>yerim
Ytsam=>Utsam
beyensin=>beğensin
masinlarlar=>masonlarlar
beyenmeye=>beğenmeye
Galatasarat=>Galatasaray
herzaman=>her zaman
heryerde=>her yerde
enbuyuk=>en buyuk
trabzonun=>trabzon'un
gidebileyimm=>gidebileyim
uzakki=>uzak ki
Van'dsn=>Van'dan
ahaha=>haha
diyolar=>diyorlar
yeterki=>yeter ki
heralde=>herhalde
pantalonundan=>pantolonundan
gymedim=>giymedim
sovebilen=>sevebilen
Birdaha=>Bir Daha
olabiliyolar=>olabiliyorlar
bzde=>bizde
atiyo=>atiye
ediyorumki=>ediyorum ki
ediyim=>edeyim
istyorum=>istiyorum
istersinki=>istersin ki
verdm=>verdim
senlikl=>senlik
geldiim=>geldim
diyince=>deyince
bulunnmaktan=>bulunmaktan
normalki=>normal ki
gidiceksin=>gideceksin
oldumki=>oldum ki
bilmemne=>bilmem ne
evdn=>evden
etiketliyip=>etiketleyip
heralde=>herhalde
allaha=>allah'a
verirki=>verir ki
dayanicak=>dayanacak
sovebilen=>sevebilen
veriyolar=>veriyorlar
sovebilen=>sevebilen
seviyosun=>seviyorsun
sovebilen=>sevebilen
kariyernete=>kariyer nete
yanmda=>yanımda
atann=>atana
izlenicek=>izlenecek
denedinii=>denediniz
ahaha=>haha
yokmuydu=>yok muydu
nekadar=>ne kadar
yoruldumki=>yoruldum ki
istiyen=>isteyen
sovebilen=>sevebilen
birasda=>birazda
ahaha=>haha
ahaha=>haha
sovebilen=>sevebilen
ediir=>edilir
gurbettiki=>gurbetteki
oluorum=>oluyorum
ceteyiz=>cepteyiz
seninke=>seninle
ediyormu=>ediyor mu
sovebilen=>sevebilen
oyuncuyuum=>oyuncuyum
heryere=>her yere
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
sovebilen=>sevebilen
veriyolar=>veriyorlar
sovebilen=>sevebilen
olucaklar=>olacaklar
seyle=>söyle
bilesinki=>bilesin ki
bilesinki=>bilesin ki
hakvermez=>hak vermez
hakvermez=>hak vermez
istermisiniz=>ister misiniz
istiyorm=>istiyorum
istermisiniz=>ister misiniz
bilesinki=>bilesin ki
Yasolar=>Yasalar
oyunuda=>oyunda
memleketimm=>memleketim
Fettullah=>Fethullah
seninke=>seninle
oluyosunuz=>oluyorsunuz
gidicek=>gidecek
basdan=>bastan
yapicak=>yapacak
ordaki=>oradaki
heralde=>herhalde
olunabilcek=>olunabilecek
heralde=>herhalde
fakirmisiniz=>fakir misiniz
tvnin=>tv'nin
iddinameden=>iddianameden
yokmu=>yok mu
bakmasn=>bakmasın
lafmi=>laf mi
olmusunuz=>olmuşsunuz
ediyorr=>ediyor
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
Birdaha=>Bir Daha
diliyorm=>diliyorum
diyosun=>diyorsun
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
Klavuza=>Kılavuza
nederlerdi=>ne derlerdi
ellerinie=>ellerini
oluyosun=>oluyorsun
yapyor=>yapıyor
girsecektim=>girecektim
vuruyosun=>vuruyorsun
biliorum=>biliyorum
heralde=>herhalde
bahsediyosun=>bahsediyorsun
ayrieten=>ayriyeten
yapicak=>yapacak
yokki=>yok ki
olursunuzz=>olursunuz
allahtan=>allah'tan
fransada=>fransa'da
beyaz'in=>beyaz in
istyen=>isteyen
istyorum=>istiyorum
edicek=>edecek
hewesle=>hevesle
beklior=>bekliyor
yencem=>yengem
dolaptn=>dolaptan
heryer=>her yer
ahaha=>haha
vesilesyle=>vesilesiyle
biryere=>bir yere
marmaraya=>marmara'ya
diyosun=>diyorsun
yiyelm=>yiyelim
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
heycanla=>heyecanla
birbirleryle=>birbirleriyle
biryere=>bir yere
hazmedemiyen=>hazmedemeyen
zihniyetmi=>zihniyet mi
bolmemeleri=>bol memeleri
baklavaspor=>baklava spor
yokmu=>yok mu
tavrlar=>tavırlar
dinlnemeyen=>dinlenemeyen
gidicektik=>gidecektik
diyolar=>diyorlar
bikiyorum=>biliyorum
Yenerin=>Yener'in
heralde=>herhalde
Yenerin=>Yener'in
onjektifinin=>objektifinin
oluuyor=>oluyor
Yenerin=>Yener'in
yenerle=>yener'le
gecictin=>geciktin
ertellendi=>ertelendi
sevmedinizmi=>sevmediniz mi
ediyolar=>ediyorlar
yenerin=>yener'in
yenerin=>yener'in
oluruum=>olurum
patostur=>patnostur
geberiyim=>gebereyim
benmle=>benimle
yenerin=>yener'in
oluyosunuz=>oluyorsunuz
nedenlerdn=>nedenlerden
kodumn=>kodumun
gittinmi=>gittin mi
isimmi=>isim mi
smdi=>simdi
dostlaa=>dostlara
gelirmi=>gelir mi
gelirmi=>gelir mi
bozcaklar=>bozlaklar
bukadar=>bu kadar
gelemzdi=>gelmezdi
seyrediyosa=>seyrediyorsa
geceydii=>geceydi
Allah'im=>Allahım
nekadar=>ne kadar
sikeciye=>sirkeciye
ahaha=>haha
yokmu=>yok mu
diyosun=>diyorsun
demekki=>demek ki
emziriyosun=>emziriyorsun
heralde=>herhalde
adetaa=>adeta
verdm=>verdim
erkenmi=>erken mi
varki=>var ki
Tebikler=>Tebrikler
nehirgibidir=>nehir gibidir
birdaha=>bir daha
soruyorr=>soruyor
demekki=>demek ki
Dsende=>Sende
deqerini=>değerini
yanarki=>yanar ki
seviyosam=>seviyorsam
deqerini=>değerini
yanarki=>yanar ki
gidiyosun=>gidiyorsun
varki=>var ki
yogunum=>yorgunum
deqerini=>değerini
yanarki=>yanar ki
teek=>taek
oynuyosun=>oynuyorsun
veririsen=>verirsen
geliceksin=>geleceksin
seviyoruum=>seviyorum
olduki=>oldu ki
sonrami=>sonra mi
haftasonuna=>hafta sonuna
Dayanamamm=>Dayanamam
edilmise=>edilmişse
oyanamaya=>oynamaya
beslenirki=>beslenir ki
diyebilicek=>diyebilecek
aykutumm=>aykutum
bekliyelim=>bekleyelim
soruyosun=>soruyorsun
iddanameyi=>iddianameyi
handeyener=>hande yener
gelicekler=>gelecekler
ciddimisiniz=>ciddi misiniz
ucunaa=>ucuna
dialoglarla=>diyaloglarla
zannetdim=>zannettim
istyenleri=>isteyenleri
Azerbayjan=>Azerbaycan
bilgisayarlai=>bilgisayarlar
unutulmazz=>unutulmaz
Demekki=>Demek Ki
hilayelerin=>hikayelerin
pskolojiyle=>psikolojiyle
anlamadm=>anlamadım
varki=>var ki
yasasn=>yasasın
birzaman=>bir zaman
demekki=>demek ki
bildiin=>bildiğin
geliorum=>geliyorum
ahaha=>haha
heryerde=>her yerde
herkeze=>herkese
yazdk=>yazdık
yorgunumm=>yorgunum
yenerin=>yener'in
izledm=>izledim
hissediyrum=>hissediyorum
gidicek=>gidecek
ahaha=>haha
yenere=>yener'e
yapcak=>yapacak
melekemm=>melekem
unuttunuzmu=>unuttunuz mu
sebepmi=>sebep mi
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
yenerin=>yener'in
uyusn=>uyusun
beyenen=>beğenen
aple=>apple
yenerin=>yener'in
hedefliyen=>hedefleyen
yapmm=>yapmam
olabilirsinizde=>olabilir sinizde
seviniyoduk=>seviniyorduk
hepde=>hep de
yenere=>yener'e
gezetenizde=>gazetenizde
geldiki=>geldi ki
diyosun=>diyorsun
bulup'da=>bulup da
uykuyami=>uykuya mi
meyoyla=>mayoyla
heralde=>herhalde
herzaman=>her zaman
heralde=>herhalde
olabilicek=>olabilecek
adilliginden=>adil liginden
anladm=>anladım
istrsen=>istersen
sevmezki=>sevmez ki
bekliyorz=>bekliyoruz
yoktr=>yoktur
Bukonuda=>Bu Konuda
sevmezki=>sevmez ki
normalmi=>normal mi
insaniiim=>insaniyim
kaderiniiin=>kaderinizin
bulunurr=>bulunur
Allah'im=>Allahım
seyrediyim=>seyredeyim
diyosun=>diyorsun
uyukluyosun=>uyukluyorsun
hedeflemeridir=>hedeflemelidir
yenerin=>yener'in
herkeze=>herkese
heran=>her an
ederdm=>ederdim
cemeatin=>cemaatin
TRABZONUN=>TRABZON'UN
diyebilcek=>diyebilecek
yenerr=>yener
iiydin=>iyiydin
istiyosan=>istiyorsan
almanyada=>almanya'da
nerdeydi=>neredeydi
heran=>her an
iddaanameyi=>iddianameyi
biliyosa=>biliyorsa
allaha=>allah'a
geliyosun=>geliyorsun
yapcak=>yapacak
ayittir=>aittir
korkarsn=>korkarsın
diyolar=>diyorlar
sewerim=>severim
nedenimm=>nedenim
vazgezilmezsin=>vazgeçilmezsin
Gulen'lerin=>Gülenlerin
geliyosun=>geliyorsun
veriyorl=>veriyor
sevdimmi=>sevdim mi
nekadar=>ne kadar
isitiyor=>istiyor
iiler=>iller
erciiyes=>erciyes
nekadar=>ne kadar
desteklemz=>desteklemez
sevgilimA=>sevgilim
Nezaman=>Ne Zaman
bilmeliyizki=>bilmeliyiz ki
askm=>askım
oluyosun=>oluyorsun
kardanadam=>kardan adam
kameraylami=>kamerayla mi
yazmsm=>yazmam
trabzonu=>trabzon'u
edinmiim=>edinmişim
istiyorm=>istiyorum
Fetih'vizyondan=>Fetih Vizyondan
heralde=>herhalde
buyusun=>buyursun
erciiyes=>erciyes
nekadar=>ne kadar
nedersen=>ne dersen
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
istkrarda=>istikrarda
yaplmaz=>yapılmaz
sarfettik=>sarf ettik
biliyorsunuzki=>biliyorsunuz ki
burdaki=>buradaki
ayaktaym=>ayaktayım
heralde=>herhalde
diyince=>deyince
diorum=>diyorum
yaptm=>yaptım
kaldrmaz=>kaldırmaz
artarda=>art arda
oynanmazmiydi=>oynanmaz miydi
erciiyes=>erciyes
nekadar=>ne kadar
sorarr=>sorar
veriyoo=>veriyor
kaybedebilirm=>kaybedebilirim
herzaman=>her zaman
ciddimisin=>ciddi misin
ordaki=>oradaki
ediyorm=>ediyorum
yapcak=>yapacak
gidiorum=>gidiyorum
bukadar=>bu kadar
verilirmiydi=>verilir miydi
herkeze=>herkese
diyince=>deyince
herkeze=>herkese
gizemcan=>gizem can
biliyodum=>biliyorum
geldinki=>geldin ki
demekki=>demek ki
salaksn=>salaksın
ediorum=>ediyorum
vermekmi=>vermek mi
halisaha=>hali saha
misiniiz=>misiniz
yogunum=>yorgunum
parmaklarna=>parmaklarına
dokunmaktn=>dokunmaktan
diyebiliyosun=>diyebiliyorsun
biliyosan=>biliyorsan
olanlr=>olanlar
heralde=>herhalde
yenerin=>yener'in
yapcak=>yapacak
heralde=>herhalde
kisilermi=>kisiler mi
dyen=>diyen
dayanamadm=>dayanamadım
fetullah=>fethullah
Pplisin=>Polisin
askm=>askım
Pplisin=>Polisin
Allahtan=>Allah'tan
uyanicak=>uyanacak
demekki=>demek ki
ordaki=>oradaki
yapsaydm=>yapsaydım
yapn=>yapan
Haftasonuna=>Hafta Sonuna
herkeze=>herkese
hepmesaj=>hep mesaj
herzaman=>her zaman
oldummu=>oldum mu
oldummu=>oldum mu
birtanedir=>bir tanedir
edemezdm=>edemezdim
erkekmi=>erkek mi
Pplisin=>Polisin
heycanla=>heyecanla
gubu=>grubu
gelior=>geliyor
sahipmi=>sahip mi
istemeyenlet=>istemeyenler
Pplisin=>Polisin
muhasebecimisin=>muhasebeci misin
BUGECE=>BU GECE
deyiller=>deyimler
Burcinin=>Burçin'in
yokda=>yok da
dersn=>dersin
allaha=>allah'a
sevdirki=>sevdir ki
suriyedeki=>suriye'deki
sezeen=>sezen
patliyacak=>patlayacak
bahsediyosunuz=>bahsediyorsunuz
olabilirmi=>olabilir mi
diyenbilirim=>diyebilirim
kusenler=>kuzenler
geliyosun=>geliyorsun
fransadan=>fransa'dan
ediyim=>edeyim
yapicak=>yapacak
yapcak=>yapacak
verebilicek=>verebilecek
Buyukadam=>Buyuk Adam
yenere=>yener'e
kokusuu=>kokusun
emliyette=>emniyette
evlenilcek=>evlenilecek
Bizimkiisi=>Bizimkisi
uyumakmi=>uyumak mi
kocakafa=>koca kafa
cipsmi=>cips mi
dost'da=>dost da
bekliyoruzz=>bekliyoruz
sewerim=>severim
gidlen=>gizlen
farketmeyecek=>fark etmeyecek
gideym=>gideyim
bekletmemis=>bekletmemiz
evlenilcek=>evlenilecek
birtanesi=>bir tanesi
uzakki=>uzak ki
ahaha=>haha
kkac=>kktc
fransadan=>fransa'dan
ahaha=>haha
dinleynlere=>dinleyenlere
edilicek=>edilecek
memleketimm=>memleketim
Eylul'den=>Eylülden
pepeenin=>pepenin
kendilei=>kendileri
yenere=>yener'e
diyosun=>diyorsun
bahsediyosun=>bahsediyorsun
gaztesi=>gazetesi
veriyolar=>veriyorlar
farketmeyen=>fark etmeyen
miletler=>milletler
hastanedn=>hastaneden
bekliyosunuz=>bekliyorsunuz
adammi=>adam mi
Zadri'nin=>Kadri'nin
ZVURAL=>VURAL
alicaklar=>alacaklar
tektek=>tek tek
demekki=>demek ki
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
bikiyorum=>biliyorum
dakkada=>dakikada
dakkalara=>dakikalara
istiyorumki=>istiyorum ki
inanki=>inan ki
istediyin=>istediğin
bensana=>ben sana
ciddimisin=>ciddi misin
yumurtami=>yumurta mi
yenerin=>yener'in
istiorum=>istiyorum
doldulabilirim=>doldurabilirim
unuttm=>unuttum
benziyosun=>benziyorsun
zekasyla=>zekasıyla
baslr=>baslar
okulaa=>okulla
herkesden=>herkesten
tarifedilemez=>tarif edilemez
allaha=>allah'a
ulusoyu=>ulusoy
priblemimi=>problemimi
sordm=>sordum
lafmi=>laf mi
teferruatmi=>teferruat mi
Aklimmi=>Aklim Mi
ediyoor=>ediyor
geberiyodum=>geberiyorum
degileri=>dergileri
avrupada=>avrupa'da
buresmi=>bu resmi
mevlanada=>mevlana'da
kusmiyim=>kus miyim
natonun=>nato'nun
gururlandk=>gururlandık
susturmami=>susturma mi
tatmazmiyim=>tatmaz miyim
bilseen=>bilsen
diorum=>diyorum
yiyceksin=>yiyeceksin
yuzup=>yutup
gidermi=>gider mi
herzaman=>her zaman
diyince=>deyince
varki=>var ki
desteyiniz=>desteğiniz
elromandan=>el romandan
biliyosun=>biliyorsun
bulamadk=>bulamadık
giydircek=>giydirecek
veriilen=>verilen
heralde=>herhalde
beklersn=>beklersin
biliyosunuz=>biliyorsunuz
herzaman=>her zaman
geliyorya=>geliyor ya
sevdimki=>sevdim ki
gidiyoo=>gidiyor
Eskisehirdeki=>Eskişehir'deki
hastabakicisi=>hasta bakicisi
anlayamiyacak=>anlayamayacak
heralde=>herhalde
yapsn=>yapsan
beklior=>bekliyor
beterol=>beter ol
Nezaman=>Ne Zaman
ahaha=>haha
kayberdersen=>kaybedersen
gidior=>gidiyor
Sporpsikolog'u=>Spor Psikologu
biliyosun=>biliyorsun
feriduna=>feridun
heralde=>herhalde
ediceksen=>edeceksen
ediyosak=>ediyorsak
nedersen=>ne dersen
bulamazsn=>bulamazsın
yanyana=>yan yana
kitaplr=>kitaplar
anneem=>annem
programlarnda=>programlarında
mizikteki=>müzikteki
vermiyoruzki=>vermiyoruz ki
yeriim=>yerim
heycanla=>heyecanla
geliyosa=>geliyorsa
yapcak=>yapacak
isersiniz=>istersiniz
ciddimisin=>ciddi misin
evleniyim=>evleneyim
yanaar=>yanar
edicek=>edecek
soruyodu=>soruyordu
miisiniz=>misiniz
alcaklar=>alacaklar
ezberm=>ezberim
biliyodum=>biliyorum
heralde=>herhalde
duyrulur=>duyurulur
dersanen=>dershanen
agbisi=>abisi
alanlarada=>alanlarda
duyrulur=>duyurulur
ordaki=>oradaki
almanyadaki=>almanya'daki
geliceksin=>geleceksin
ediyorm=>ediyorum
geliceksin=>geleceksin
varki=>var ki
ortamdn=>ortamdan
allahtan=>allah'tan
kaybediyosun=>kaybediyorsun
diyosun=>diyorsun
olrak=>olarak
Fransadan=>Fransa'dan
herzaman=>her zaman
birbirindn=>birbirinden
geliyosa=>geliyorsa
mutluyumki=>mutluyum ki
GecelikSevgilimsin=>Gecelik Sevgilimsin
snirden=>sinirden
espirisi=>esprisi
filmer=>filmler
saatdir=>saattir
izliyosuz=>izliyoruz
yakalarmisiniz=>yakalar misiniz
ahaha=>haha
okuyormusun=>okuyor musun
adenada=>adana'da
nedersin=>ne dersin
istiyorumki=>istiyorum ki
isityorum=>istiyorum
kesenmi=>kesen mi
heralde=>herhalde
muhabetini=>muhabbetini
severdiim=>severdim
isersiniz=>istersiniz
iligiyi=>ilgiyi
hakediyor=>hak ediyor
Alihan'i=>Alihan
heralde=>herhalde
olamiyanlar=>olamayanlar
kolleksiyonunda=>koleksiyonunda
srnin=>senin
diyosun=>diyorsun
atmamistik=>atma mistik
evetde=>evet de
varki=>var ki
Birdaha=>Bir Daha
Birdaha=>Bir Daha
ulusdan=>ulustan
biliyrum=>biliyorum
herzaman=>her zaman
ardamidir=>arda midir
duydunuzmu=>duydunuz mu
gidiyosunuz=>gidiyorsunuz
birhafta=>bir hafta
Allahm=>Allahım
islernde=>islerinde
bulunuyosun=>bulunuyorsun
giriyim=>gireyim
resimmi=>resim mi
Hergece=>Her Gece
heryerde=>her yerde
allahtan=>allah'tan
heralde=>herhalde
Allah'im=>Allahım
Unutmadgm=>Unutmadım
ahmetin=>ahmet'in
kirizine=>krizine
vericeksin=>vereceksin
ediorum=>ediyorum
biliyodum=>biliyorum
sokk=>sok
bukadar=>bu kadar
adaletmi=>adalet mi
diorum=>diyorum
ederizz=>ederiz
ahaha=>haha
ktydum=>koydum
etmekde=>etmek de
gidiceksiniz=>gideceksiniz
xansever=>cansever
yiyosunuz=>yiyorsunuz
oluyosunuz=>oluyorsunuz
allahtan=>allah'tan
yenilmedk=>yenilmedik
geliyosa=>geliyorsa
ediyim=>edeyim
ediyim=>edeyim
ayca'yla=>ayçayla
yeticek=>yetecek
bitiktiriyorum=>biriktiriyorum
ayca'yla=>ayçayla
seweriz=>severiz
bukadar=>bu kadar
bahsediyosan=>bahsediyorsan
hepberaber=>hep beraber
aykutun=>aykut'un
normalmi=>normal mi
Patatesden=>Patatesten
bukadar=>bu kadar
dinliorum=>dinliyorum
gidiyolar=>gidiyorlar
herzaman=>her zaman
filminn=>filminin
cozduruyorlar=>bozduruyorlar
ediyim=>edeyim
boktanki=>boktan ki
herzaman=>her zaman
Silivrideki=>Silivri'deki
heralde=>herhalde
diliorum=>diliyorum
heralde=>herhalde
ediyr=>ediyor
yokki=>yok ki
heralde=>herhalde
birkez=>bir kez
etiketliyen=>etiketleyen
ahaha=>haha
birdaha=>bir daha
zannedlyorlar=>zannediyorlar
kandiyorsunuz=>kan diyorsunuz
TBMMde=>TBMM de
erciiyes=>erciyes
nekadar=>ne kadar
yokki=>yok ki
heralde=>herhalde
kutluyorz=>kutluyoruz
biliyosun=>biliyorsun
ahaha=>haha
dipteyik=>dipteyim
arasnda=>arasında
geliyr=>geliyor
hayatmdakileri=>hayatımdakileri
ahaha=>haha
Yapicak=>Yapacak
gidicek=>gidecek
bnle=>benle
vardr=>vardır
farkedemezsin=>fark edemezsin
gbidir=>gibidir
tirt=>trt
evdemisin=>evde misin
durmda=>durumda
izlemelisuniz=>izlemelisiniz
mrb=>meb
andir=>indir
ssizin=>sizin
caniim=>canim
sizzi=>sizi
iyiydii=>iyiydi
iztiyor=>istiyor
diyosun=>diyorsun
hismi=>his mi
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
varki=>var ki
bahsediyosun=>bahsediyorsun
yapabiliryorum=>yapabiliyorum
ahaha=>haha
olabilirmi=>olabilir mi
ediyorm=>ediyorum
kndimi=>kendimi
komefiyse=>komediyse
haalindeki=>hayalindeki
galatasarayy=>galatasaray
HERZAMAN=>HER ZAMAN
SK=>SSK
diyosunuz=>diyorsunuz
varki=>var ki
varki=>var ki
smdi=>simdi
siizin=>sizin
herzaman=>her zaman
yokki=>yok ki
sahanesi=>sahnesi
sahanesi=>sahnesi
yumurtami=>yumurta mi
tavukmu=>tavuk mu
Allah'im=>Allahım
ahaha=>haha
hissediyorm=>hissediyorum
ediceksin=>edeceksin
yapcak=>yapacak
istiyosun=>istiyorsun
nesile=>nesine
sezainin=>sezai'nin
Gidenlerdeen=>Gidenlerden
yorgunumki=>yorgunum ki
duyururmusunuz=>duyurur musunuz
seansin=>sensin
neredeyimm=>neredeyim
ahaha=>haha
hakettik=>hak ettik
diyoo=>diyor
besliyosunuz=>besliyorsunuz
girdm=>girdim
yiyorumm=>yiyorum
yapcak=>yapacak
diyarbakirda=>diyarbakır'da
verdm=>verdim
birkez=>bir kez
Ilayla=>Layla
birkez=>bir kez
giderrken=>giderken
diyoo=>diyor
arasnda=>arasında
sevindm=>sevindim
sizn=>sizin
kimlerizleyecek=>kimler izleyecek
biliyosa=>biliyorsa
birkez=>bir kez
diyosun=>diyorsun
anlatmayalm=>anlatmayalım
herkesee=>herkese
gidiin=>gidişin
Seksens=>Seksene
Bilirimki=>Bilirim Ki
pislikmisiniz=>pislik misiniz
heralde=>herhalde
yedikden=>yedikten
biliyormuydunuz=>biliyor muydunuz
heralde=>herhalde
dierlerine=>diğerlerine
birkez=>bir kez
gizledimm=>gizledim
gisilerinde=>giysilerinde
anladm=>anladım
sizid=>sizi
dersanede=>dershanede
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
andir=>indir
bekleriim=>beklerim
halbuku=>halbuki
varki=>var ki
seviyosun=>seviyorsun
Trabzonu=>Trabzon'u
varki=>var ki
geliceksin=>geleceksin
gidiyosun=>gidiyorsun
BEYAZMELEK=>BEYAZ MELEK
giriceksin=>gireceksin
avaraja=>averaja
seyle=>söyle
muusun=>musun
birkez=>bir kez
varki=>var ki
smdi=>simdi
elektirkten=>elektrikten
gidiyosun=>gidiyorsun
TLlik=>TL'lik
istiyosan=>istiyorsan
hatrlatan=>hatırlatan
birkez=>bir kez
heralde=>herhalde
diyosun=>diyorsun
hastanedeyik=>hastanedeyim
Fatsaya=>Fatsa'ya
baknotlarla=>banknotlarla
bakistan=>pakistan
yapcak=>yapacak
sewmem=>sevmem
kendisinii=>kendisini
Haftasonu=>Hafta Sonu
gidiyodu=>gidiyordu
gilay=>gülay
lakinki=>lakin ki
stadtan=>stattan
benimsiniiz=>benimsiniz
isterseen=>istersen
heryerde=>her yerde
gsteriyor=>gösteriyor
smdi=>simdi
kndime=>kendime
kaldm=>kaldım
Terkedildikten=>Terk Edildikten
andir=>indir
giriyosun=>giriyorsun
bukadar=>bu kadar
gdebilir=>gidebilir
ewime=>evime
heralde=>herhalde
Trabzonu=>Trabzon'u
geridedi=>geridedir
beyenin=>beğenin
seviyosun=>seviyorsun
gilay=>gülay
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
gidiorum=>gidiyorum
Ispartadan=>Isparta'dan
onlaraa=>onlara
nekadar=>ne kadar
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
anlaticaklar=>anlatacaklar
geldigm=>geldim
sallayaraak=>sallayarak
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
diliorum=>diliyorum
diyettten=>diyetten
wekerim=>şekerim
sewgilim=>sevgilim
derlr=>derler
gittm=>gittim
baktm=>baktım
gilay=>gülay
Denencek=>Denenecek
birkez=>bir kez
cisimi=>cismi
sindromuna=>sendromuna
unutamamm=>unutamam
gelirgetirmeyi=>gelir getirmeyi
sansizlik=>sensizlik
kuzucuuk=>kuzucuk
buluyosun=>buluyorsun
teknolijiden=>teknolojiden
bende'diyemem=>bende diyemem
insnlar=>insanlar
erkn=>erkan
kaldm=>kaldım
ortasnda=>ortasında
birkez=>bir kez
allahtan=>allah'tan
gidiyosun=>gidiyorsun
heryerden=>her yerden
vermemeliyik=>vermemeliyiz
hayatm=>hayatım
Allah'im=>Allahım
dedigin'i=>dediğini
kurtalar=>kurtlar
geliyosa=>geliyorsa
yenerin=>yener'in
bahsediyosun=>bahsediyorsun
gidiyosunuz=>gidiyorsunuz
heryerine=>her yerine
ediyim=>edeyim
diyolar=>diyorlar
etmeez=>etmez
demessin=>demezsin
bunlarn=>bunların
anlamadm=>anlamadım
duyururmusunuz=>duyurur musunuz
istegince=>isteyince
seyrediin=>seyredin
oluyodum=>oluyorum
yapicak=>yapacak
oluncayaa=>oluncaya
istyorum=>istiyorum
istiorum=>istiyorum
giriyim=>gireyim
yokki=>yok ki
gelirdiim=>gelirdim
profilni=>profili
tamamdr=>tamamdır
sorunmu=>sorun mu
anlasaa=>anlasana
Allah'm=>Allahım
yaptk=>yaptık
iseyene=>isteyene
heralde=>herhalde
rapporu=>raporu
duruyorr=>duruyor
istiorum=>istiyorum
condomsuz=>kondomsuz
birkez=>bir kez
birkez=>bir kez
beklenirkin=>beklenirken
demekki=>demek ki
birkez=>bir kez
gidiyoduk=>gidiyorduk
heryerde=>her yerde
ruhumdurr=>ruhumdur
dilniyorum=>dinliyorum
yapicak=>yapacak
bitiriyolar=>bitiriyorlar
diyolar=>diyorlar
deniyeyim=>deneyeyim
bkunu=>bokunu
Oyunmuydu=>Oyun Muydu
ilgilenicek=>ilgilenecek
zamnlar=>zamanlar
Hakimiyyet=>Hakimiyet
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
trafikmis=>trafik mis
Haftasonu=>Hafta Sonu
zamnlar=>zamanlar
Hakimiyyet=>Hakimiyet
Konyaya=>Konya'ya
istiyosan=>istiyorsan
disliyoruz=>dinliyoruz
bekliyodu=>bekliyordu
geliyodur=>geliyordur
veriyosunuz=>veriyorsunuz
Allahtan=>Allah'tan
canlarr=>canlar
kanadaya=>kanada'ya
komisiyonda=>komisyonda
yapicak=>yapacak
Bncede=>Bencede
gidioruz=>gidiyoruz
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
mahvettilerr=>mahvettiler
anlatsaa=>anlatsana
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
oynuyur=>oynuyor
deseem=>desem
aoperasyonuna=>operasyonuna
ALLAH'im=>ALLAHım
heralde=>herhalde
demokratligi=>demokrat ligi
turkte=>türk'te
Heryerde=>Her Yerde
heryerde=>her yerde
arabamm=>arabam
hayatm=>hayatım
utanyorum=>utanıyorum
gidicek=>gidecek
birkez=>bir kez
sensn=>sensin
heryer=>her yer
bitisindeki=>bitimindeki
olduramazsn=>olduramazsın
KanalD'de=>Kanal D'de
heralde=>herhalde
heralde=>herhalde
ediyolar=>ediyorlar
ahaha=>haha
ahaha=>haha
ahaha=>haha
demessin=>demezsin
gelipde=>gelip de
demessin=>demezsin
geleyjm=>geleyim
olmazya=>olmaz ya
iyidi=>iyiydi
bitirdiqime=>bitirdiğime
dinlenirmi=>dinlenir mi
insanlaar=>insanlar
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
Sahii=>Sahibi
birkez=>bir kez
seviyosunuz=>seviyorsunuz
kullancak=>kullanacak
ALLAHA=>ALLAH'A
Peygemberimize=>Peygamberimize
bukadar=>bu kadar
bukadar=>bu kadar
bekliyosun=>bekliyorsun
terketti=>terk etti
vurursunya=>vurursun ya
dokunuwunu=>dokunuşunu
sonmezin=>sönmez'in
bitermi=>biter mi
unutuorum=>unutuyorum
yapicak=>yapacak
nesile=>nesine
nesile=>nesine
gazzetesinde=>gazetesinde
Trabzondaki=>Trabzon'daki
nekadar=>ne kadar
awizeye=>avizeye
werirsin=>verirsin
birkez=>bir kez
gidiyoo=>gidiyor
sokk=>sok
gidiyosun=>gidiyorsun
atiyo=>atiye
kovvboyum=>kovboyum
oluyodur=>oluyordur
Yineher=>Yine Her
ahaha=>haha
kitablar=>kitaplar
Qepiyi=>Hepiyi
soruyosun=>soruyorsun
etkileyicydi=>etkileyiciydi
kitablar=>kitaplar
haftasonu=>hafta sonu
sahilyolu'na=>sahil yoluna
bozulduki=>bozulduk
ahaha=>haha
SK=>SSK
birkez=>bir kez
veriyolar=>veriyorlar
gidioruz=>gidiyoruz
sakladm=>sakladım
oluyosun=>oluyorsun
benmiyim=>ben miyim
izledinmi=>izledin mi
ilkkez=>ilk kez
dinliyoyum=>dinliyorum
edicek=>edecek
varki=>var ki
ahaha=>haha
Annenmi=>Annen Mi
oluyosun=>oluyorsun
geldiki=>geldi ki
istiyarum=>istiyorum
birdaha=>bir daha
yeemekte=>yemekte
yanyana=>yan yana
nerdeydi=>neredeydi
nekadar=>ne kadar
yaptysam=>yaptıysam
yaptm=>yaptım
soracaktm=>soracaktım
haaha=>haha
bzde=>bizde
atiyo=>atiye
unutulmaaz=>unutulmaz
Tripsiz=>Tipsiz
sisdeydik=>sisteydik
istiyosam=>istiyorsam
istiyosam=>istiyorsam
heralde=>herhalde
yiyolar=>yiyorlar
seviyoruum=>seviyorum
susuyoorum=>susuyorum
bukadar=>bu kadar
olabilirmi=>olabilir mi
diorum=>diyorum
yemnle=>yeminle
seviyosan=>seviyorsan
sevdm=>sevdim
gidecektm=>gidecektim
bahsediyodum=>bahsediyordum
biraksam=>bir aksam
polismi=>polis mi
diyebilcek=>diyebilecek
canodur=>can odur
hepberaber=>hep beraber
yeticek=>yetecek
diyince=>deyince
yokoldum=>yok oldum
nekadar=>ne kadar
haketmeyi=>hak etmeyi
Acitasyonla=>Ajitasyonla
biliyosun=>biliyorsun
pisliksinSana=>pisliksin Sana
nezaman=>ne zaman
